.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_lm_migration_send_args" "November 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_lm_migration_send_args \- Arguments for the Migration Send command
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_lm_migration_send_args {
.br
.BI "    __u64 offset;"
.br
.BI "    __u32 *result;"
.br
.BI "    void *data;"
.br
.BI "    int args_size;"
.br
.BI "    int fd;"
.br
.BI "    __u32 timeout;"
.br
.BI "    __u32 numd;"
.br
.BI "    __u16 mos;"
.br
.BI "    __u16 cntlid;"
.br
.BI "    __u16 csuuidi;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 sel;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 uidx;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 stype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 seqind;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 csvi;"
.br
.BI "    bool dudmq;"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "offset" 12
Offset: This field specifies the offset, in bytes, within the data available to be
returned and specifies the starting point for that data for what is actually
returned to the host.
.IP "result" 12
Set on completion to the command's CQE DWORD 0 controller response
.IP "data" 12
Pointer to data
.IP "args_size" 12
Length of structure
.IP "fd" 12
File descriptor of nvme device
.IP "timeout" 12
Timeout in ms
.IP "numd" 12
Number of Dwords (NUMD): This field specifies the number of dwords being transferred
.IP "mos" 12
Management Operation Specific (MOS): This field is specific to the SEL type
.IP "cntlid" 12
Controller ID: This field specifies the identifier of the controller to which the
operation is performed.
.IP "csuuidi" 12
Controller State UUID Index (CSUUIDI): A non-zero value in this field specifies the
index to a specific entry in the Vendor Specific Controller State UUID Supported.
list of the Supported Controller State Formats data structure.
.IP "sel" 12
Select (SEL): This field specifies the type of management operation to perform.
.IP "uidx" 12
UUID Index (UIDX): If this field is set to a non-zero value, then the value of this
field is the index of a UUID in the UUID List (refer to Figure 320) that is used by
the command.
.IP "stype" 12
Suspend Type (STYPE): This field specifies the type of suspend.
.IP "seqind" 12
Sequence Identifier (SEQIND): This field identified the sequences of this Migration
Send command in relation to other Migration Send commands.
.IP "csvi" 12
Controller State Version Index (CSVI): A non-zero value in this field specifies the
index to a specific entry in the NVMe Controller State Version list of the Supported
Controller State Formats data structure.
.IP "dudmq" 12
Delete User Data Migration Queue (DUDMQ): If set, the migration queue is deleted
is deleted as part of the Suspend operation. If cleared, it is retained.
