.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_power_meas_log" "April 2026" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_power_meas_log \- Power Measurement Log Page (Log Identifier 25h)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_power_meas_log {
.br
.BI "    __u8 ver;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 pmgn;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 pma;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 sze;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 pmc;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 nphd;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 smtr;"
.br
.BI "    struct nvme_timestamp   smts;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 phds;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 phbs;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 nphds;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 vss;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 phdoc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd36[4];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 aipwr;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 mipwr;"
.br
.BI "    struct nvme_timestamp   mipwrt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ipwrpe;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd57[7];"
.br
.BI "    struct nvme_power_histogram_desc descs[];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "ver" 12
Version. Shall be cleared to 0h.
.IP "pmgn" 12
Power Measurement Generation Number. Incremented each time a
Set Features command with Action = 1h (Start Power Measurements)
is successfully completed. Rolls over from FFh to 0h.
.IP "pma" 12
Power Measurement Attributes. See \fIenum nvme_pma\fP.
.IP "sze" 12
Size. Indicates the size of this log page in bytes.
.IP "pmc" 12
Power Measurement Count. Number of interval power measurements
collected. Does not wrap after FFFFFFFFh. Cleared to 0h when
Start Power Measurements succeeds or if no measurement has occurred.
.IP "nphd" 12
Number of Power Histogram Descriptors in this log page.
.IP "smtr" 12
Stop Measurement Time Remaining. Time remaining in minutes until
controller stops collecting interval power measurements.
0h means not specified.
.IP "smts" 12
Stop Measurement Timestamp. Timestamp of when interval power
measurements stopped being collected. See \fIstruct nvme_timestamp\fP.
.IP "phds" 12
Power Histogram Descriptor Size. Size in bytes of each descriptor.
.IP "phbs" 12
Power Histogram Bin Size. Size in milliwatts of each bin.
Shall be set to 250 milliwatts.
.IP "nphds" 12
Number of Power Histogram Descriptors Supported. Maximum number
of descriptors that can be reported. If 0h, NPHD shall be
cleared to 0h and no descriptors are reported.
.IP "vss" 12
Vendor Specific Size. Size in bytes of the Vendor Specific field.
.IP "phdoc" 12
Power Histogram Descriptor Overflow Count. Number of interval
power measurements greater than the maximum power indicated by
the last Power Histogram Descriptor. Does not wrap after FFFFFFFFh.
.IP "rsvd36" 12
Reserved.
.IP "aipwr" 12
Average Interval Power. Bits 31:18 are reserved. Bits 17:16
contain the Power Scale (PWRS); see \fIenum nvme_psd_ps\fP. Bits 15:0
contain the Power Value (PWRV).
.IP "mipwr" 12
Maximum Interval Power. Bits 31:18 are reserved. Bits 17:16
contain the Power Scale (PWRS); see \fIenum nvme_psd_ps\fP. Bits 15:0
contain the Power Value (PWRV).
.IP "mipwrt" 12
Maximum Interval Power Timestamp. Timestamp of when the maximum
interval power was collected. See \fIstruct nvme_timestamp\fP.
.IP "ipwrpe" 12
Interval Power Percent Error. Maximum percent error (0-100%).
Values 101-254 reserved. 255 indicates not reported.
.IP "rsvd57" 12
Reserved.
.IP "descs" 12
Power Histogram Descriptors (\fIstruct nvme_power_histogram_desc\fP).
