.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_discovery" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_discovery \- Discovery Descriptor (Figure 24)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_discovery {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 hfi_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 sec_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved1;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj discovery_ctrl_addr_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj discovery_ctrl_nqn_obj;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved2[14];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field shall be set to 6h
(i.e., Discovery Descriptor; #NBFT_DESC_DISCOVERY).
.IP "flags" 12
Discovery Descriptor Flags, see \fIenum nbft_discovery_flags\fP.
.IP "index" 12
Discovery Descriptor Index: This field indicates
the number of this Discovery Descriptor in
the Discovery Descriptor List.
.IP "hfi_index" 12
HFI Descriptor Index: This field indicates the value
of the HFI Descriptor Index field of the HFI Descriptor
associated with this Discovery Descriptor. If multiple
HFIs share a common Discovery controller, there shall
be multiple Discovery Descriptor entries with one per HFI.
.IP "sec_index" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Index: This field indicates
the value of the Security Profile Descriptor Index
field of the Security Descriptor associated with
this Discovery Descriptor.
.IP "reserved1" 12
Reserved.
.IP "discovery_ctrl_addr_obj" 12
Discovery Controller Address Heap Object Reference:
This field indicates the location and size of a heap
object containing a URI which indicates an NVMe Discovery
controller associated with this Discovery Descriptor.
If this field is cleared to 0h, then no URI is specified.
.IP "discovery_ctrl_nqn_obj" 12
Discovery Controller NQN Heap Object Reference:
If set to a non-zero value, this field indicates
the location and size of a heap object containing
an NVMe Discovery controller NQN. If the NVMe Discovery
controller referenced by this record requires secure
authentication with a well known Subsystem NQN, this
field indicates the unique NQN for that NVMe Discovery
controller. This record is involved formatted as an NQN
string. If this field is cleared to 0h, then this
field is reserved and the OS shall use the well
known discovery NQN for this record.
.IP "reserved2" 12
Reserved.
