.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_control" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_control \- NBFT Table - Control Descriptor (Figure 8)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_control {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 major_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 minor_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved1;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 csl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved2;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj hdesc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 hsv;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved3;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 hfio;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 hfil;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 hfiv;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 num_hfi;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 ssnso;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 ssnsl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ssnsv;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 num_ssns;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 seco;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 secl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 secv;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 num_sec;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 disco;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 discl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 discv;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 num_disc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved4[16];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field specifies the element (refer to
\fIenum nbft_desc_type\fP). This field shall be set to 1h (i.e.,
Control, #NBFT_DESC_CONTROL).
.IP "major_revision" 12
Major Revision: The major revision of the structure corresponding
to the Signature field. Larger major revision numbers should
not be assumed backward compatible to lower major revision
numbers with the same signature.
.IP "minor_revision" 12
Minor Revision: The minor revision of the structure corresponding
to the signature field. If the major revision numbers are
the same, any minor revision number differences shall be backwards
compatible with the same signature.
.IP "reserved1" 12
Reserved.
.IP "csl" 12
Control Structure Length (CSL): This field indicates the length
in bytes of the Control Descriptor.
.IP "flags" 12
Flags, see \fIenum nbft_control_flags\fP.
.IP "reserved2" 12
Reserved.
.IP "hdesc" 12
Host Descriptor (HDESC): This field indicates the location
and length of the Host Descriptor (see \fIstruct nbft_host\fP).
.IP "hsv" 12
Host Descriptor Version (HSV): This field indicates the version
of the Host Descriptor.
.IP "reserved3" 12
Reserved.
.IP "hfio" 12
HFI Descriptor List Offset (HFIO): If this field is set to
a non-zero value, then this field indicates the offset in bytes
of the HFI Descriptor List, if any, from byte offset 0h of the
NBFT Table Header. If the \fInum_hfi\fP field is cleared to 0h,
then this field is reserved.
.IP "hfil" 12
HFI Descriptor Length (HFIL): This field indicates the length
in bytes of each HFI Descriptor, if any. If the \fInum_hfi\fP field
is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "hfiv" 12
HFI Descriptor Version (HFIV): This field indicates the version
of each HFI Descriptor.
.IP "num_hfi" 12
Number of Host Fabric Interface Descriptors (NumHFI): This field
indicates the number of HFI Descriptors (see \fIstruct nbft_hfi\fP)
in the HFI Descriptor List, if any. If no interfaces have been
configured, then this field shall be cleared to 0h.
.IP "ssnso" 12
SSNS Descriptor List Offset (SSNSO):: This field indicates
the offset in bytes of the SSNS Descriptor List, if any, from
byte offset 0h of the NBFT Table Header. If the \fInum_ssns\fP field
is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "ssnsl" 12
SSNS Descriptor Length (SSNSL): This field indicates the length
in bytes of each SSNS Descriptor, if any. If the \fInum_ssns\fP
field is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "ssnsv" 12
SSNS Descriptor Version (SSNSV): This field indicates the version
of the SSNS Descriptor.
.IP "num_ssns" 12
Number of Subsystem and Namespace Descriptors (NumSSNS): This
field indicates the number of Subsystem Namespace (SSNS)
Descriptors (see \fIstruct nbft_ssns\fP) in the SSNS Descriptor List,
if any.
.IP "seco" 12
Security Profile Descriptor List Offset (SECO): This field
indicates the offset in bytes of the Security Profile Descriptor
List, if any, from byte offset 0h of the NBFT Table Header.
If the \fInum_sec\fP field is cleared to 0h, then this field
is reserved.
.IP "secl" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Length (SECL): This field indicates
the length in bytes of each Security Profile Descriptor, if any.
If the \fInum_sec\fP field is cleared to 0h, then this field
is reserved.
.IP "secv" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Version (SECV): This field indicates
the version of the Security Profile Descriptor.
.IP "num_sec" 12
Number of Security Profile Descriptors (NumSec): This field
indicates the number of Security Profile Descriptors
(see \fIstruct nbft_security\fP), if any, in the Security Profile
Descriptor List.
.IP "disco" 12
Discovery Descriptor Offset (DISCO): This field indicates
the offset in bytes of the Discovery Descriptor List, if any,
from byte offset 0h of the NBFT Table Header. If the \fInum_disc\fP
field is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "discl" 12
Discovery Descriptor Length (DISCL): This field indicates
the length in bytes of each Discovery Descriptor, if any.
If the \fInum_disc\fP field is cleared to 0h, then this field
is reserved.
.IP "discv" 12
Discovery Descriptor Version (DISCV): This field indicates
the version of the Discovery Descriptor.
.IP "num_disc" 12
Number of Discovery Descriptors (NumDisc): This field indicates
the number of Discovery Descriptors (see \fIstruct nbft_discovery\fP),
if any, in the Discovery Descriptor List, if any.
.IP "reserved4" 12
Reserved.
