.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_security" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_security \- Security Profile Descriptor (Figure 21)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_security {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 index;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 secret_type;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved1;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj sec_chan_alg_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj auth_proto_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj cipher_suite_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj dh_grp_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj sec_hash_func_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj sec_keypath_obj;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved2[22];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field shall be set to 5h
(i.e., Security; #NBFT_DESC_SECURITY).
.IP "index" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Index: This field indicates
the number of this Security Profile Descriptor in the
Security Profile Descriptor List.
.IP "flags" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Flags, see \fIenum nbft_security_flags\fP.
.IP "secret_type" 12
Secret Type, see \fIenum nbft_security_secret_type\fP.
.IP "reserved1" 12
Reserved.
.IP "sec_chan_alg_obj" 12
Secure Channel Algorithm Heap Object Reference: If the
Security Policy List field is set to 1h, then this field
indicates the location and size of a heap object containing
a list of secure channel algorithms. The list is an array
of bytes and the values are defined in the Security Type
(SECTYPE) field in the Transport Specific Address Subtype
Definition in the NVMe TCP Transport Specification.
If the Security Policy List field is cleared to 0h, then
this field is reserved.
.IP "auth_proto_obj" 12
Authentication Protocols Heap Object Reference: If the
Authentication Policy List field is set to 1h, then this
field indicates the location and size of a heap object
containing a list of authentication protocol identifiers.
If the Authentication Policy List field is cleared to 0h,
then this field is reserved.
.IP "cipher_suite_obj" 12
Cipher Suite Offset Heap Object Reference: If the Cipher
Suites Restricted by Policy bit is set to 1h, then this
field indicates the location and size of a heap object
containing a list of cipher suite identifiers. The list,
if any, is an array of bytes and the values are defined
in the IANA TLS Parameters Registry. If the Cipher Suites
Restricted by Policy bit is cleared to 0h, then this field
is reserved.
.IP "dh_grp_obj" 12
DH Groups Heap Object Reference: If the Authentication DH Groups
Restricted by Policy List bit is set to 1h, then this field
indicates the location and size of a heap object containing
a list of DH-HMAC-CHAP Diffie-Hellman (DH) group identifiers.
If the Authentication DH Groups Restricted by Policy List
bit is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "sec_hash_func_obj" 12
Secure Hash Functions Offset Heap Object Reference: If the
Secure Hash Functions Policy List bit is set to 1h, then
this field indicates the offset in bytes of a heap object
containing a list of DH-HMAC-CHAP hash function identifiers.
The list is an array of bytes and the values are defined
in the NVM Express Base Specification. If the Secure Hash
Functions Policy List bit is cleared to 0h, then this
field is reserved.
.IP "sec_keypath_obj" 12
Secret Keypath Offset Heap Object Reference: if this field
is set to a non-zero value, then this field indicates
the location and size of a heap object containing a URI.
The type of the URI is specified in the Secret Type field.
If this field is cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "reserved2" 12
Reserved.
