.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_ssns" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_ssns \- Subsystem Namespace (SSNS) Descriptor (Figure 15)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_ssns {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 index;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 trtype;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 trflags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 primary_discovery_ctrl_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved1;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj subsys_traddr_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj subsys_trsvcid_obj;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 subsys_port_id;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 nsid;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 nidt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 nid[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 security_desc_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 primary_hfi_desc_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved2;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj secondary_hfi_assoc_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj subsys_ns_nqn_obj;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj ssns_extended_info_desc_obj;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved3[62];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field shall be set to 4h
(i.e., SSNS; #NBFT_DESC_SSNS).
.IP "index" 12
SSNS Descriptor Index: This field indicates the number
of this Subsystem Namespace Descriptor in the
Subsystem Namespace Descriptor List.
.IP "flags" 12
SSNS Flags, see \fIenum nbft_ssns_flags\fP.
.IP "trtype" 12
Transport Type, see \fIenum nbft_trtype\fP.
.IP "trflags" 12
Transport Specific Flags, see \fIenum nbft_ssns_trflags\fP.
.IP "primary_discovery_ctrl_index" 12
Primary Discovery Controller Index: The Discovery
Descriptor Index field of the Discovery Descriptor
(see \fIstruct nbft_discovery\fP) that is associated with
this SSNS Descriptor. If a Discovery controller was
used to establish this record this value shall
be set to a non-zero value. If this namespace was
associated with multiple Discovery controllers,
those Discovery controllers shall have records
in the Discovery Descriptor to facilitate multi-path
rediscovery as required. If no Discovery controller
was utilized to inform this namespace record,
this field shall be cleared to 0h.
.IP "reserved1" 12
Reserved.
.IP "subsys_traddr_obj" 12
Subsystem Transport Address Heap Object Reference:
This field indicates the location and size of a heap
object containing the Subsystem Transport Address.
For IP based transports types, shall be an IP Address.
.IP "subsys_trsvcid_obj" 12
Subsystem Transport Service Identifier Heap Object Reference:
This field indicates the location and size of a heap
object containing an array of bytes indicating
the Subsystem Transport Service Identifier.
See \fIenum nbft_trtype\fP.
.IP "subsys_port_id" 12
Subsystem Port ID: Port in the NVM subsystem
associated with this transport address used by
the pre-OS driver.
.IP "nsid" 12
Namespace ID: This field indicates the namespace
identifier (NSID) of the namespace indicated by
this descriptor. This field shall be cleared to 0h
if not specified by the user. If this value is cleared
to 0h, then consumers of the NBFT shall rely
on the NID.
.IP "nidt" 12
Namespace Identifier Type (NIDT): This field
contains the value of the Namespace Identifier Type (NIDT)
field in the Namespace Identification Descriptor
for the namespace indicated by this descriptor.
If a namespace supports multiple NIDT entries
for uniqueness, the order of preference is NIDT field
value of 3h (i.e., UUID) before 2h (i.e., NSGUID),
and 2h before 1h (i.e., EUI-64).
.IP "nid" 12
Namespace Identifier (NID): This field contains
the value of the Namespace Identifier (NID) field
in the Namespace Identification Descriptor for
the namespace indicated by this descriptor.
.IP "security_desc_index" 12
Security Profile Descriptor Index: If the Use Security
Flag bit in the SSNS Flags field is set to 1h, then
this field indicates the value of the Security Profile
Descriptor Index field of the Security Profile
Descriptor (see \fIstruct nbft_security\fP) associated
with this namespace. If the Use Security Flag bit
is cleared to 0h, then no Security Profile Descriptor
is associated with this namespace and this field
is reserved.
.IP "primary_hfi_desc_index" 12
Primary HFI Descriptor Index: This field indicates
the value of the HFI Descriptor Index field of the
HFI Descriptor (see \fIstruct nbft_hfi\fP) for the
interface associated with this namespace. If multiple
HFIs are associated with this record, subsequent
interfaces should be populated in the Secondary
HFI Associations field.
.IP "reserved2" 12
Reserved.
.IP "secondary_hfi_assoc_obj" 12
Secondary HFI Associations Heap Object Reference:
If this field is set to a non-zero value, then
this field indicates an array of bytes, in which
each byte contains the value of the HFI Descriptor
Index field of an HFI Descriptor in the HFI Descriptor
List. If this field is cleared to 0h, then no
secondary HFI associations are specified.
.IP "subsys_ns_nqn_obj" 12
Subsystem and Namespace NQN Heap Object Reference:
This field indicates the location and size of
a heap object containing the Subsystem and Namespace NQN.
.IP "ssns_extended_info_desc_obj" 12
SSNS Extended Information Descriptor Heap Object
Reference: If the SSNS Extended Info In-use Flag
bit is set to 1h, then this field indicates the
offset in bytes of a heap object containing an
SSNS Extended Information Descriptor
(see \fIstruct nbft_ssns_ext_info\fP) heap object
from byte offset 0h of the NBFT Table Header.
If the SSNS Extended Info In-use Flag bit is cleared
to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "reserved3" 12
Reserved.
