.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nbft_ssns_trflags" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nbft_ssns_trflags \- SSNS Transport Specific Flags Field (Figure 17)
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nbft_ssns_trflags {
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_TRFLAG_VALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_PDU_HEADER_DIGEST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_DATA_DIGEST"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_TRFLAG_VALID" 12
Transport Specific Flags in Use: If set to 1h, then
this descriptor is valid. If cleared to 0h, then
this descriptor is not valid.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_PDU_HEADER_DIGEST" 12
PDU Header Digest (HDGST) Flag: If set to 1h, then
the host or administrator required the connection
described by this Subsystem and Namespace Descriptor
to use the NVM Header Digest Enabled. A consumer
of this information should attempt to use NVM Header
Digest when recreating this connection if enabled.
If cleared to 0h, then the host or administrator
did not require the connection described by this
Subsystem and Namespace Descriptor to use the
NVM Header Digest Enabled.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_DATA_DIGEST" 12
Data Digest (DDGST) Flag: If set to 1h, then
the host or administrator required the connection
described by this Subsystem and Namespace Descriptor
to use the NVM Data Digest Enabled. If cleared
to 0h, then the host or administrator did not
require the connection described by this Subsystem
and Namespace Descriptor to use the NVM Data Digest
Enabled. A consumer of this field should attempt
to use NVM Data Digest when recreating this
connection if enabled.
