.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_ssns_ext_info" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_ssns_ext_info \- Subsystem and Namespace Extended Information Descriptor (Figure 19)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_ssns_ext_info {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 version;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 ssns_index;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 cntlid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 asqsz;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj dhcp_root_path_str_obj;"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field shall be set to 9h
(i.e., SSNS Extended Info; #NBFT_DESC_SSNS_EXT_INFO).
.IP "version" 12
Version: This field shall be set to 1h.
.IP "ssns_index" 12
SSNS Descriptor Index: This field indicates the value
of the SSNS Descriptor Index field of the Subsystem
and Namespace Descriptor (see \fIstruct nbft_ssns\fP) whose
SSNS Extended Information Descriptor Heap Object
Reference field indicates this descriptor.
.IP "flags" 12
Flags, see \fIenum nbft_ssns_ext_info_flags\fP.
.IP "cntlid" 12
Controller ID: The controller identifier of the first
controller associated with the Admin Queue by the driver.
If a controller identifier is not administratively
specified or direct configuration is not supported
by the driver, then this field shall be cleared to 0h.
.IP "asqsz" 12
Admin Submission Queue Size (ASQSZ): The Admin Submission
Queue Size utilized for the respective SSNS by the driver.
.IP "dhcp_root_path_str_obj" 12
DHCP Root Path String Heap Object Reference: If the
SSNS DHCP Root Path Override (#NBFT_SSNS_DHCP_ROOT_PATH_OVERRIDE)
flag bit is set to 1h, then this field indicates
the offset in bytes of a heap object containing
an DHCP Root Path String used by the driver. If the
SNSS DHCP Root Path Override flag bit is cleared to 0h,
then this field is reserved.
