.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nbft_desc_type" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nbft_desc_type \- NBFT Elements - Descriptor Types (Figure 5)
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nbft_desc_type {
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_HEADER"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_CONTROL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_HOST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_HFI"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_SSNS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_SECURITY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_DISCOVERY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_HFI_TRINFO"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_RESERVED_8"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_DESC_SSNS_EXT_INFO"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NBFT_DESC_HEADER" 12
Header: an ACPI structure header with some additional
NBFT specific info.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_CONTROL" 12
Control Descriptor: indicates the location of host,
HFI, SSNS, security, and discovery descriptors.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_HOST" 12
Host Descriptor: host information.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_HFI" 12
HFI Descriptor: an indexable table of HFI Descriptors,
one for each fabric interface on the host.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_SSNS" 12
Subsystem Namespace Descriptor: an indexable table
of SSNS Descriptors.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_SECURITY" 12
Security Descriptor: an indexable table of Security
descriptors.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_DISCOVERY" 12
Discovery Descriptor: an indexable table of Discovery
Descriptors.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_HFI_TRINFO" 12
HFI Transport Descriptor: indicated by an HFI Descriptor,
corresponds to a specific transport for a single HFI.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_RESERVED_8" 12
Reserved.
.IP "NBFT_DESC_SSNS_EXT_INFO" 12
SSNS Extended Info Descriptor: indicated by an SSNS
Descriptor if required.
