.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_info_hfi_info_tcp" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_info_hfi_info_tcp \- HFI Transport Info Descriptor - NVMe/TCP
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_info_hfi_info_tcp {
.br
.BI "    __u32 pci_sbdf;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 mac_addr[6];"
.br
.BI "    __u16 vlan;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ip_origin;"
.br
.BI "    char ipaddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 subnet_mask_prefix;"
.br
.BI "    char gateway_ipaddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    __u16 route_metric;"
.br
.BI "    char primary_dns_ipaddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    char secondary_dns_ipaddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    char dhcp_server_ipaddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    char *host_name;"
.br
.BI "    bool this_hfi_is_default_route;"
.br
.BI "    bool dhcp_override;"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "pci_sbdf" 12
PCI Express Routing ID for the HFI Transport Function.
.IP "mac_addr" 12
MAC Address: The MAC address of this HFI,
in EUI-48TM format.
.IP "vlan" 12
The VLAN identifier if the VLAN is associated with
this HFI, as defined in IEEE 802.1q-2018 or zeroes
if no VLAN is associated with this HFI.
.IP "ip_origin" 12
The source of Ethernet L3 configuration information
used by the driver or 0 if not used.
.IP "ipaddr" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 address of this HFI.
.IP "subnet_mask_prefix" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 subnet mask in CIDR routing prefix
notation.
.IP "gateway_ipaddr" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the IP gateway for this
HFI or zeroes if no IP gateway is specified.
.IP "route_metric" 12
The cost value for the route indicated by this HFI.
.IP "primary_dns_ipaddr" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the Primary DNS server
for this HFI.
.IP "secondary_dns_ipaddr" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the Secondary DNS server
for this HFI.
.IP "dhcp_server_ipaddr" 12
The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the DHCP server used
to assign this HFI address.
.IP "host_name" 12
The Host Name string.
.IP "this_hfi_is_default_route" 12
If True, then the BIOS utilized this interface
described by HFI to be the default route with highest
priority. If False, then routes are local to their
own scope.
.IP "dhcp_override" 12
If True, then HFI information was populated
by consuming the DHCP on this interface. If False,
then the HFI information was set administratively
by a configuration interface to the driver and
pre-OS envrionment.
