.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_header" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_header \- NBFT Table - Header (Figure 8)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_header {
.br
.BI "    char signature[4];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 length;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 major_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 checksum;"
.br
.BI "    char oem_id[6];"
.br
.BI "    char oem_table_id[8];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 oem_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 creator_id;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 creator_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 heap_offset;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 heap_length;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj driver_dev_path_sig;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 minor_revision;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved[13];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "signature" 12
Signature: An ASCII string representation of the table
identifier. This field shall be set to the value 4E424654h
(i.e. "NBFT", see #NBFT_HEADER_SIG).
.IP "length" 12
Length: The length of the table, in bytes, including the
header, starting from offset 0h. This field is used to record
the size of the entire table.
.IP "major_revision" 12
Major Revision: The major revision of the structure
corresponding to the Signature field. Larger major revision
numbers should not be assumed backward compatible to lower
major revision numbers with the same signature.
.IP "checksum" 12
Checksum: The entire table, including the Checksum field,
shall sum to 0h to be considered valid.
.IP "oem_id" 12
OEMID shall be populated by the NBFT driver writer by
an OEM-supplied string that identifies the OEM. All
trailing bytes shall be NULL.
.IP "oem_table_id" 12
OEM Table ID: This field shall be populated by the NBFT
driver writer with an OEM-supplied string that the OEM
uses to identify the particular data table. This field is
particularly useful when defining a definition block to
distinguish definition block functions. The OEM assigns
each dissimilar table a new OEM Table ID.
.IP "oem_revision" 12
OEM Revision: An OEM-supplied revision number. Larger
numbers are assumed to be newer revisions.
.IP "creator_id" 12
Creator ID: Vendor ID of utility that created the table.
For instance, this may be the ID for the ASL Compiler.
.IP "creator_revision" 12
Creator Revision: Revision of utility that created the
table. For instance, this may be the ID for the ASL Compiler.
.IP "heap_offset" 12
Heap Offset (HO): This field indicates the offset in bytes
of the heap, if any, from byte offset 0h of the NBFT
Table Header.
.IP "heap_length" 12
Heap Length (HL): The length of the heap, if any.
.IP "driver_dev_path_sig" 12
Driver Signature Heap Object Reference: This field indicates
the offset in bytes of a heap object containing the Driver
Signature, if any, from byte offset 0h of the NBFT Table
Header.
.IP "minor_revision" 12
Minor Revision: The minor revision of the structure
corresponding to the Signature field. If the major revision
numbers are the same, any minor revision number differences
shall be backwards compatible with the same signature.
.IP "reserved" 12
Reserved.
