.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nbft_host_flags" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nbft_host_flags \- Host Flags
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nbft_host_flags {
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_VALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_HOSTID_CONFIGURED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_HOSTNQN_CONFIGURED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_NOT_INDICATED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_UNSELECTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_SELECTED"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NBFT_HOST_VALID" 12
Descriptor Valid: If set to 1h, then this
descriptor is valid. If cleared to 0h, then
this descriptor is reserved.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_HOSTID_CONFIGURED" 12
HostID Configured: If set to 1h, then the
Host ID field contains an administratively-configured
value. If cleared to 0h, then the Host ID
field contains a driver default value.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_HOSTNQN_CONFIGURED" 12
Host NQN Configured: If set to 1h, then the
Host NQN indicated by the Host NQN Heap Object
Reference field (\fIstruct nbft_host\fP.host_nqn)
contains an administratively-configured value.
If cleared to 0h, then the Host NQN indicated
by the Host NQN Offset field contains a driver
default value.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_MASK" 12
Mask to get Primary Administrative Host Descriptor:
indicates whether the Host Descriptor in this
NBFT was selected as the primary NBFT for
administrative purposes of platform identity
as a hint to the OS. If multiple NBFT tables
are present, only one NBFT should be administratively
selected. There is no enforcement mechanism
for this to be coordinated between multiple NBFT
tables, but this field should be set to Selected
(#NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_SELECTED) if
more than one NBFT is present.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_NOT_INDICATED" 12
Not Indicated by Driver: The driver that created
this NBFT provided no administrative priority
hint for this NBFT.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_UNSELECTED" 12
Unselected: The driver that created this NBFT
explicitly indicated that this NBFT should
not be prioritized over any other NBFT.
.IP "NBFT_HOST_PRIMARY_ADMIN_SELECTED" 12
Selected: The driver that created this NBFT
explicitly indicated that this NBFT should
be prioritized over any other NBFT.
