.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_hfi_info_tcp" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_hfi_info_tcp \- HFI Transport Info Descriptor - NVMe/TCP (Figure 13)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_hfi_info_tcp {
.br
.BI "    __u8 structure_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 version;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 trtype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 trinfo_version;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 hfi_index;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 pci_sbdf;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 mac_addr[6];"
.br
.BI "    __le16 vlan;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ip_origin;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ip_address[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 subnet_mask_prefix;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ip_gateway[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved1;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 route_metric;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 primary_dns[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 secondary_dns[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 dhcp_server[16];"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_heap_obj host_name_obj;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 reserved2[18];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "structure_id" 12
Structure ID: This field shall be set to 7h (i.e.,
HFI Transport Info; #NBFT_DESC_HFI_TRINFO).
.IP "version" 12
Version: This field shall be set to 1h.
.IP "trtype" 12
HFI Transport Type, see \fIenum nbft_trtype\fP: This field
shall be set to 03h (i.e., NVMe/TCP; #NBFT_TRTYPE_TCP).
.IP "trinfo_version" 12
Transport Info Version: Implementations compliant to this
specification shall set this field to 1h.
.IP "hfi_index" 12
HFI Descriptor Index: The value of the HFI Descriptor Index
field of the HFI Descriptor (see \fIstruct nbft_hfi\fP.index)
whose HFI Transport Info Descriptor Heap Object Reference
field indicates this HFI Transport Info Descriptor.
.IP "flags" 12
HFI Transport Flags, see \fIenum nbft_hfi_info_tcp_flags\fP.
.IP "pci_sbdf" 12
PCI Express Routing ID for the HFI Transport Function:
This field indicates the PCI Express Routing ID as specified
in the PCI Express Base Specification.
.IP "mac_addr" 12
MAC Address: The MAC address of this HFI, in EUI-48TM format,
as defined in the IEEE Guidelines for Use of Extended Unique
Identifiers. This field shall be set to a non-zero value.
.IP "vlan" 12
VLAN: If this field is set to a non-zero value, then this
field contains the VLAN identifier if the VLAN associated
with this HFI, as defined in IEEE 802.1q-2018. If no VLAN
is associated with this HFI, then this field shall be cleared
to 0h.
.IP "ip_origin" 12
IP Origin: If this field is set to a non-zero value, then
this field indicates the source of Ethernet L3 configuration
information used by the driver for this interface. Valid
values are defined in the Win 32 API: NL_PREFIX_ORIGIN
enumeration specification. This field should be cleared
to 0h if the IP Origin field is unused by driver.
.IP "ip_address" 12
IP Address: This field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6 address
of this HFI. This field shall be set to a non-zero value.
.IP "subnet_mask_prefix" 12
Subnet Mask Prefix: This field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6
subnet mask in CIDR routing prefix notation.
.IP "ip_gateway" 12
IP Gateway: If this field is set to a non-zero value, this
field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the IP gateway
for this HFI. If this field is cleared to 0h, then
no IP gateway is specified.
.IP "reserved1" 12
Reserved.
.IP "route_metric" 12
Route Metric: If this field is set to a non-zero value,
this field indicates the cost value for the route indicated
by this HF. This field contains the value utilized by the
pre-OS driver when chosing among all available routes. Lower
values relate to higher priority. Refer to IETF RFC 4249.
If the pre-OS driver supports routing and did not configure
a specific route metric for this interface, then the pre-OS
driver should set this value to 500. If the pre-OS driver
does not support routing, then this field should be cleared
to 0h.
.IP "primary_dns" 12
Primary DNS: If this field is set to a non-zero value,
this field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the
Primary DNS server for this HFI, if any, from byte offset
0h of the NBFT Table Header. If this field is cleared to 0h,
then no Primary DNS is specified.
.IP "secondary_dns" 12
Secondary DNS: If this field is set to a non-zero value,
this field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6 address of
the Secondary DNS server for this HFI, if any, from byte
offset 0h of the NBFT Table Header. If this field is
cleared to 0h, then no Secondary DNS is specified.
.IP "dhcp_server" 12
DHCP Server: If the DHCP Override bit is set to 1h, then
this field indicates the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the DHCP
server used to assign this HFI address. If that bit is
cleared to 0h, then this field is reserved.
.IP "host_name_obj" 12
Host Name Heap Object Reference: If this field is set
to a non-zero value, then this field indicates the location
and size of a heap object containing a Host Name string.
.IP "reserved2" 12
Reserved.
