.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nbft_ssns_flags" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nbft_ssns_flags \- Subsystem and Namespace Specific Flags Field (Figure 16)
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nbft_ssns_flags {
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_VALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_NON_BOOTABLE_ENTRY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_USE_SECURITY_FIELD"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_DHCP_ROOT_PATH_OVERRIDE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_EXTENDED_INFO_IN_USE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_SEPARATE_DISCOVERY_CTRL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_DISCOVERED_NAMESPACE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_NOTIND"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_AVAIL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_UNAVAIL"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_VALID" 12
Descriptor Valid: If set to 1h, then this descriptor
is valid. If cleared to 0h, then this descriptor
is not valid. A host that supports NVMe-oF Boot,
but does not currently have a remote Subsystem
and Namespace assigned may clear this bit to 0h.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_NON_BOOTABLE_ENTRY" 12
Non-bootable Entry Flag: If set to 1h, this flag
indicates that this SSNS Descriptor contains
a namespace of administrative purpose to the boot
process, but the pre-OS may not have established
connectivity to or evaluated the contents of this
Descriptor. Such namespaces may contain supplemental
data deemed relevant by the Administrator as part
of the pre-OS to OS hand off. This may include
properties such as a UEFI device path that may
not have been created for this namespace. This means
an OS runtime may still require the contents
of such a namespace to complete later stages
of boot. If cleared to 0h, then this namespace did
not have any special administrative intent.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_USE_SECURITY_FIELD" 12
Use Security Flag: If set to 1h, then there is
a Security Profile Descriptor associated with this
SSNS record and the Security Profile Descriptor Index
field is valid. If cleared to 0h, then there is
no Security Profile Descriptor associated with this
SSNS record and the Security Profile Descriptor Index
field is not valid.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_DHCP_ROOT_PATH_OVERRIDE" 12
DHCP Root-Path Override Flag: If set to 1h, then
this SSNS descriptor was populated by consuming
the DHCP Root-Path on this interface. If cleared
to 0h, then the DHCP Root-Path was not used
in populating the SSNS descriptor.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_EXTENDED_INFO_IN_USE" 12
SSNS Extended Info In-use Flag: If set to 1h,
then the SSNS Extended Information Offset field
and the SSNS Extended Information Length field
are valid. This flag, if set to 1h, indicates
that a Subsystem and Namespace Extended Information
Descriptor corresponding to this descriptor is present.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_SEPARATE_DISCOVERY_CTRL" 12
Separate Discovery Controller Flag: If set to 1h,
then the Discovery controller associated with
this volume is on a different transport address
than the specified in the Subsystem Transport
Address Heap Object Reference. If cleared to 0h,
then the Discovery controller is the same as the
Subsystem Transport Address Heap Object Reference.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_DISCOVERED_NAMESPACE" 12
Discovered Namespace Flag: If set to 1h, then
this namespace was acquired through discovery.
If cleared to 0h, then this namespace was
explicitly configured in the system.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_MASK" 12
Mask to get Unavailable Namespace Flag: This
field indicates the availability of the namespace
at a specific point in time. Such use is only
a hint and its use does not guarantee the availability
of that referenced namespace at any future point in time.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_NOTIND" 12
Not Indicated by Driver: No information is provided.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_AVAIL" 12
Available: A referenced namespace described by this
flag was previously accessible by the pre-OS driver.
.IP "NBFT_SSNS_UNAVAIL_NAMESPACE_UNAVAIL" 12
Unavailable: This namespace was administratively
configured but unattempted, unavailable or
inaccessible when establishing connectivity
by the pre-OS driver.
