.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nbft_info_subsystem_ns" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nbft_info_subsystem_ns \- Subsystem Namespace (SSNS) info
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nbft_info_subsystem_ns {
.br
.BI "    int index;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_info_discovery *discovery;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_info_security *security;"
.br
.BI "    int num_hfis;"
.br
.BI "    struct nbft_info_hfi **hfis;"
.br
.BI "    char transport[8];"
.br
.BI "    char traddr[40];"
.br
.BI "    char *trsvcid;"
.br
.BI "    __u16 subsys_port_id;"
.br
.BI "    __u32 nsid;"
.br
.BI "    enum nbft_info_nid_type nid_type;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 *nid;"
.br
.BI "    char *subsys_nqn;"
.br
.BI "    bool pdu_header_digest_required;"
.br
.BI "    bool data_digest_required;"
.br
.BI "    int controller_id;"
.br
.BI "    int asqsz;"
.br
.BI "    char *dhcp_root_path_string;"
.br
.BI "    bool discovered;"
.br
.BI "    bool unavailable;"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "index" 12
SSNS Descriptor Index in the descriptor list.
.IP "discovery" 12
Primary Discovery Controller associated with
this SSNS Descriptor.
.IP "security" 12
Security Profile Descriptor associated with
this namespace.
.IP "num_hfis" 12
Number of HFIs.
.IP "hfis" 12
List of HFIs associated with this namespace.
Includes the primary HFI at the first position
and all secondary HFIs. This array is null-terminated.
.IP "transport" 12
Transport Type string (e.g. 'tcp').
.IP "traddr" 12
Subsystem Transport Address.
.IP "trsvcid" 12
Subsystem Transport Service Identifier.
.IP "subsys_port_id" 12
The Subsystem Port ID.
.IP "nsid" 12
The Namespace ID of this descriptor or when \fInid\fP
should be used instead.
.IP "nid_type" 12
Namespace Identifier Type, see \fIenum nbft_info_nid_type\fP.
.IP "nid" 12
The Namespace Identifier value.
.IP "subsys_nqn" 12
Subsystem and Namespace NQN.
.IP "pdu_header_digest_required" 12
PDU Header Digest (HDGST) Flag: the use of NVM Header
Digest Enabled is required.
.IP "data_digest_required" 12
Data Digest (DDGST) Flag: the use of NVM Data Digest
Enabled is required.
.IP "controller_id" 12
Controller ID (SSNS Extended Information Descriptor):
The controller ID associated with the Admin Queue
or 0 if not supported.
.IP "asqsz" 12
Admin Submission Queue Size (SSNS Extended Information
Descriptor) or 0 if not supported.
.IP "dhcp_root_path_string" 12
DHCP Root Path Override string (SSNS Extended
Information Descriptor).
.IP "discovered" 12
Indicates that this namespace was acquired
through discovery.
.IP "unavailable" 12
Namespace is unavailable as indicated by
the pre-OS driver.
