.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_st_result" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_st_result \- Self-test Result
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_st_result {
.br
.BI "    __u8 dsts;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 seg;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vdi;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd;"
.br
.BI "    __le64 poh;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 nsid;"
.br
.BI "    __le64 flba;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 sct;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 sc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vs[2];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "dsts" 12
Device Self-test Status: Indicates the device self-test code and the
status of the operation (see \fIenum nvme_status_result\fP and \fIenum nvme_st_code\fP).
.IP "seg" 12
Segment Number: Iindicates the segment number where the first self-test
failure occurred. If Device Self-test Status (\fIdsts\fP) is not set to
#NVME_ST_RESULT_KNOWN_SEG_FAIL, then this field should be ignored.
.IP "vdi" 12
Valid Diagnostic Information: Indicates the diagnostic failure
information that is reported. See \fIenum nvme_st_valid_diag_info\fP.
.IP "rsvd" 12
Reserved
.IP "poh" 12
Power On Hours (POH): Indicates the number of power-on hours at the
time the device self-test operation was completed or aborted. This
does not include time that the controller was powered and in a low
power state condition.
.IP "nsid" 12
Namespace Identifier (NSID): Indicates the namespace that the Failing
LBA occurred on. Valid only when the NSID Valid bit
(#NVME_ST_VALID_DIAG_INFO_NSID) is set in the Valid Diagnostic
Information (\fIvdi\fP) field.
.IP "flba" 12
Failing LBA: indicates the LBA of the logical block that caused the
test to fail. If the device encountered more than one failed logical
block during the test, then this field only indicates one of those
failed logical blocks. Valid only when the NSID Valid bit
(#NVME_ST_VALID_DIAG_INFO_FLBA) is set in the Valid Diagnostic
Information (\fIvdi\fP) field.
.IP "sct" 12
Status Code Type: This field may contain additional information related
to errors or conditions. Bits 2:0 may contain additional information
relating to errors or conditions that occurred during the device
self-test operation represented in the same format used in the Status
Code Type field of the completion queue entry (refer to \fIenum nvme_status_field\fP).
Valid only when the NSID Valid bit (#NVME_ST_VALID_DIAG_INFO_SCT) is
set in the Valid Diagnostic Information (\fIvdi\fP) field.
.IP "sc" 12
Status Code: This field may contain additional information relating
to errors or conditions that occurred during the device self-test
operation represented in the same format used in the Status Code field
of the completion queue entry. Valid only when the SCT Valid bit
(#NVME_ST_VALID_DIAG_INFO_SC) is set in the Valid Diagnostic
Information (\fIvdi\fP) field.
.IP "vs" 12
Vendor Specific.
