.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_sanitize_sstat" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_sanitize_sstat \- Sanitize Status (SSTAT)
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_sanitize_sstat {
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_NEVER_SANITIZED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_COMPLETE_SUCCESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_IN_PROGESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_COMPLETED_FAILED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_ND_COMPLETE_SUCCESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_COMPLETED_PASSES_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_COMPLETED_PASSES_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the status value of
the most recent sanitize operation from
the \fIstruct nvme_sanitize_log_page\fP.sstat
field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_MASK" 12
Mask to get the status value of the most
recent sanitize operation.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_NEVER_SANITIZED" 12
The NVM subsystem has never been
sanitized.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_COMPLETE_SUCCESS" 12
The most recent sanitize operation
completed successfully including any
additional media modification.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_IN_PROGESS" 12
A sanitize operation is currently in progress.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_COMPLETED_FAILED" 12
The most recent sanitize operation
failed.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_STATUS_ND_COMPLETE_SUCCESS" 12
The most recent sanitize operation
for which No-Deallocate After Sanitize was
requested has completed successfully with
deallocation of all user data.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_COMPLETED_PASSES_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the number
of completed passes if the most recent
sanitize operation was an Overwrite. This
value shall be cleared to 0h if the most
recent sanitize operation was not
an Overwrite.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_COMPLETED_PASSES_MASK" 12
Mask to get the number of completed
passes.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the Global
Data Erased value from the
\fIstruct nvme_sanitize_log_page\fP.sstat field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Global Data Erased
value.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSTAT_GLOBAL_DATA_ERASED" 12
Global Data Erased: if set, then no
namespace user data in the NVM subsystem
has been written to and no Persistent
Memory Region in the NVM subsystem has
been enabled since being manufactured and
the NVM subsystem has never been sanitized;
or since the most recent successful sanitize
operation.
