.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_status_result" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_status_result \- Result of the device self-test operation
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_status_result {
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_NO_ERR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_CLR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_NS_REMOVED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_FORMAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_FATAL_ERR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_UNKNOWN_SEG_FAIL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_KNOWN_SEG_FAIL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_UNKNOWN"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_SANITIZE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_NOT_USED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_ST_RESULT_MASK"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_NO_ERR" 12
Operation completed without error.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED" 12
Operation was aborted by a Device Self-test command.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_CLR" 12
Operation was aborted by a Controller Level Reset.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_NS_REMOVED" 12
Operation was aborted due to a removal of
a namespace from the namespace inventory.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_FORMAT" 12
Operation was aborted due to the processing
of a Format NVM command.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_FATAL_ERR" 12
A fatal error or unknown test error occurred
while the controller was executing the device
self-test operation and the operation did
not complete.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_UNKNOWN_SEG_FAIL" 12
Operation completed with a segment that failed
and the segment that failed is not known.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_KNOWN_SEG_FAIL" 12
Operation completed with one or more failed
segments and the first segment that failed
is indicated in the Segment Number field.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_UNKNOWN" 12
Operation was aborted for unknown reason.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_ABORTED_SANITIZE" 12
Operation was aborted due to a sanitize operation.
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_NOT_USED" 12
Entry not used (does not contain a test result).
.IP "NVME_ST_RESULT_MASK" 12
Mask to get the status result value from
the \fIstruct nvme_st_result\fP.dsts field.
