.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_id_ctrl_lpa" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_id_ctrl_lpa \- Flags indicating optional attributes for log pages that are accessed via the Get Log Page command.
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_id_ctrl_lpa {
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_SMART_PER_NS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_CMD_EFFECTS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_EXTENDED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_TELEMETRY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_PERSETENT_EVENT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_LI0_LI5_LI12_LI13"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_LPA_DA4_TELEMETRY"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_SMART_PER_NS" 12
If set, controller supports SMART/Health log
page on a per namespace basis.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_CMD_EFFECTS" 12
If Set, the controller supports the commands
supported and effects log page.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_EXTENDED" 12
If set, the controller supports extended data
for log page command including extended number
of dwords and log page offset fields.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_TELEMETRY" 12
If set, the controller supports the telemetry
host-initiated and telemetry controller-initiated
log pages and sending telemetry log notices.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_PERSETENT_EVENT" 12
If set, the controller supports
persistent event log.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_LI0_LI5_LI12_LI13" 12
If set, the controller supports
- log pages log page.
- returning scope of each command in
commands supported and effects log
page.
- feature identifiers supported and
effects log page.
- NVMe-MI commands supported and
effects log page.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_LPA_DA4_TELEMETRY" 12
If set, the controller supports data
area 4 for telemetry host-initiated and
telemetry.
