.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_pel_rci" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_pel_rci \- This field indicates the persistent event log reporting context
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_pel_rci {
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPID_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPIT_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCE_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RSVD_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPID_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPIT_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RCE_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_PEL_RCI_RSVD_MASK"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPID_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the reporting context port identifier
from the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPIT_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the reporting context port identifier
type from the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCE_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the reporting context exists
from the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RSVD_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the reserved reporting context
from the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPID_MASK" 12
Mask to get the reporting context port identifier from
the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCPIT_MASK" 12
Mask to get the reporting context port identifier type from
the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RCE_MASK" 12
Mask to get the reporting context exists from
the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
.IP "NVME_PEL_RCI_RSVD_MASK" 12
Mask to get the reserved reporting context from
the \fIstruct nvme_persistent_event_log\fP.rci field.
