.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_sanitize_ssi" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_sanitize_ssi \- Sanitize State Information (SSI)
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_sanitize_ssi {
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_SANS_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_SANS_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_FAILS_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_FAILS_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_IDLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_RESTRICT_PROCESSING"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_RESTRICT_FAILURE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_UNRESTRICT_PROCESSING"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_UNRESTRICT_FAILURE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_MEDIA_VERIFICATION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_POST_VERIF_DEALLOC"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_SANS_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the value of Sanitize State
from Sanitize State Information (SSI) field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_SANS_MASK" 12
Mask to get the value of Sanitize State from
Sanitize State Information (SSI) field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_FAILS_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the value of Failure State
from Sanitize State Information (SSI) field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_FAILS_MASK" 12
Mask to get the value of Failure State from
Sanitize State Information (SSI) field.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_IDLE" 12
No sanitize operation is in process.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_RESTRICT_PROCESSING" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Restricted Processing
State.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_RESTRICT_FAILURE" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Restricted Failure
State. This state is entered if sanitize processing
was performed in the Restricted Processing state and
sanitize processing failed or a failure occurred
during deallocation of media allocated for user data
in the Post-Verification Deallocation state.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_UNRESTRICT_PROCESSING" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Unrestricted Processing
State.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_UNRESTRICT_FAILURE" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Unrestricted Failure
State. This state is entered if sanitize processing
was performed in the Unrestricted Processing state
and sanitize processing failed or a failure occurred
during deallocation of media allocated for user data
in the Post-Verification.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_MEDIA_VERIFICATION" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Media Verification
State. In this state, the sanitize processing
completed successfully, and all media allocated for
user data in the sanitization target is readable by
the host for purposes of verifying sanitization.
.IP "NVME_SANITIZE_SSI_POST_VERIF_DEALLOC" 12
The Sanitize operation is in Post-Verification
Deallocation State. In this state, the controller
shall deallocate all media allocated for user data
in the sanitization target.
