.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_id_psd" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_id_psd \- Power Management data structure
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_id_psd {
.br
.BI "    __le16 mp;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd2;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 flags;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 enlat;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 exlat;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rrt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rrl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rwt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rwl;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 idlp;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ips;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd19;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 actp;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 apws;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd23[9];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "mp" 12
Maximum Power indicates the sustained maximum power consumed by the
NVM subsystem in this power state. The power in Watts is equal to
the value in this field multiplied by the scale specified in the Max
Power Scale bit (see \fIenum nvme_psd_flags\fP). A value of 0 indicates
Maximum Power is not reported.
.IP "rsvd2" 12
Reserved
.IP "flags" 12
Additional decoding flags, see \fIenum nvme_psd_flags\fP.
.IP "enlat" 12
Entry Latency indicates the maximum latency in microseconds
associated with entering this power state. A value of 0 indicates
Entry Latency is not reported.
.IP "exlat" 12
Exit Latency indicates the maximum latency in microseconds
associated with exiting this power state. A value of 0 indicates
Exit Latency is not reported.
.IP "rrt" 12
Relative Read Throughput indicates the read throughput rank
associated with this power state relative to others. The value in
this is less than the number of supported power states.
.IP "rrl" 12
Relative Read Latency indicates the read latency rank associated
with this power state relative to others. The value in this field is
less than the number of supported power states.
.IP "rwt" 12
Relative Write Throughput indicates write throughput rank associated
with this power state relative to others. The value in this field is
less than the number of supported power states
.IP "rwl" 12
Relative Write Latency indicates the write latency rank associated
with this power state relative to others. The value in this field is
less than the number of supported power states
.IP "idlp" 12
Idle Power indicates the typical power consumed by the NVM
subsystem over 30 seconds in this power state when idle.
.IP "ips" 12
Idle Power Scale indicates the scale for \fIstruct nvme_id_psd\fP.idlp,
see \fIenum nvme_psd_ps\fP for decoding this field.
.IP "rsvd19" 12
Reserved
.IP "actp" 12
Active Power indicates the largest average power consumed by the
NVM subsystem over a 10 second period in this power state with
the workload indicated in the Active Power Workload field.
.IP "apws" 12
Bits 7-6: Active Power Scale(APS) indicates the scale for the \fIstruct
nvme_id_psd\fP.actp, see \fIenum nvme_psd_ps\fP for decoding this value.
Bits 2-0: Active Power Workload(APW) indicates the workload
used to calculate maximum power for this power state.
See \fIenum nvme_psd_workload\fP for decoding this field.
.IP "rsvd23" 12
Reserved
