.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_lm_queue_attributes" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_lm_queue_attributes \- I/O Submission and I/O Completion Queue Attributes
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_lm_queue_attributes {
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOSQPC_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOSQPC_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOSQPRIO_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOSQPRIO_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQPC_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQPC_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQIEN_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQIEN_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_S0PT_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_S0PT_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQIV_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_LM_IOCQIV_SHIFT"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_LM_IOSQPC_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Physically Contiguous (PC) bit for this I/O
submission queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOSQPC_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the PC bit for this I/O submission queue
.IP "NVME_LM_IOSQPRIO_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Priority for this I/O submission queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOSQPRIO_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the Priority for this I/O submission queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQPC_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Physicaly Contiguous (PC) bit for this I/O
completion queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQPC_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the PC bit for this I/O completion queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQIEN_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Interrupts Enabled bit for this I/O completion
queue
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQIEN_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the Interrupts Enabled bit for this I/O completion
.IP "NVME_LM_S0PT_MASK" 12
Mask to get the value of the Phase Tag bit for Slot 0 of this I/O
completion queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_S0PT_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the value of the Phase Tag bit for Slot 0 of this I/O
completion queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQIV_MASK" 12
Mask to get the Interrupt Vector (IV) for this I/O completion
queue.
.IP "NVME_LM_IOCQIV_SHIFT" 12
Shift to get the IV for this I/O completion queue.
