.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_ctrl_metadata_type" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_ctrl_metadata_type \- Controller Metadata Element Types
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_ctrl_metadata_type {
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_CTRL_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_VER"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_CTRL_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_DRIVER_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_DRIVER_VER"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_SYS_PROC_MODEL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_CHIPSET_DRV_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_CHIPSET_DRV_VERSION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_NAME_AND_BUILD"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_SYS_PROD_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_FIRMWARE_VERSION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_FILENAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_DISPLAY_DRV_NAME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_DISPLAY_DRV_VERSION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_METADATA_HOST_DET_FAIL_REC"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_CTRL_NAME" 12
Name of the controller in
the operating system.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_NAME" 12
Name of the driver in the
operating system.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_VER" 12
Version of the driver in
the operating system.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_CTRL_NAME" 12
Name of the controller in
the pre-boot environment.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_DRIVER_NAME" 12
Name of the driver in the
pre-boot environment.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_PRE_BOOT_DRIVER_VER" 12
Version of the driver in the
pre-boot environment.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_SYS_PROC_MODEL" 12
Model of the processor.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_CHIPSET_DRV_NAME" 12
Chipset driver name.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_CHIPSET_DRV_VERSION" 12
Chipset driver version.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_NAME_AND_BUILD" 12
Operating system name and build.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_SYS_PROD_NAME" 12
System product name.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_FIRMWARE_VERSION" 12
Host firmware (e.g UEFI) version.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_OS_DRIVER_FILENAME" 12
Operating system driver filename.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_DISPLAY_DRV_NAME" 12
Display driver name.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_DISPLAY_DRV_VERSION" 12
Display driver version.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_METADATA_HOST_DET_FAIL_REC" 12
Failure record.
