.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_status_field" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_status_field \- Defines all parts of the nvme status field: status code, status code type, and additional flags.
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_status_field {
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_GENERIC"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_CMD_SPECIFIC"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_MEDIA"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_PATH"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_VS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SCT_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SUCCESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_OPCODE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_FIELD"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMDID_CONFLICT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_DATA_XFER_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_POWER_LOSS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INTERNAL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ABORT_REQ"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ABORT_QUEUE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FUSED_FAIL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FUSED_MISSING"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_NS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_SEQ_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_LAST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_COUNT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_DATA"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_METADATA"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_TYPE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMB_INVALID_USE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_PRP_INVALID_OFFSET"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_AWU_EXCEEDED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_OP_DENIED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_OFFSET"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_HOSTID_FORMAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_KAT_EXPIRED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_KAT_INVALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_ABORTED_PREMEPT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SANITIZE_FAILED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SANITIZE_IN_PROGRESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_GRANULARITY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_IN_CMBQ_NOT_SUPP"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_WRITE_PROTECTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_INTERRUPTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_TRAN_TPORT_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_PROHIBITED_BY_CMD_AND_FEAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ADMIN_CMD_MEDIA_NOT_READY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_LBA_RANGE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CAP_EXCEEDED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_NOT_READY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_RESERVATION_CONFLICT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FORMAT_IN_PROGRESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CQ_INVALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_QID_INVALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_QUEUE_SIZE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ABORT_LIMIT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ABORT_MISSING"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ASYNC_LIMIT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FIRMWARE_SLOT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FIRMWARE_IMAGE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_VECTOR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_LOG_PAGE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_FORMAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_CONV_RESET"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_QUEUE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_SAVEABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_CHANGEABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_PER_NS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_SUBSYS_RESET"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_RESET"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_MAX_TIME"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_FW_ACTIVATE_PROHIBITED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_OVERLAPPING_RANGE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_INSUFFICIENT_CAP"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_ID_UNAVAILABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_ALREADY_ATTACHED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_IS_PRIVATE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_NOT_ATTACHED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_THIN_PROV_NOT_SUPP"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CTRL_LIST_INVALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_SELF_TEST_IN_PROGRESS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_BP_WRITE_PROHIBITED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_CTRL_ID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_SEC_CTRL_STATE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_CTRL_RESOURCES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_RESOURCE_ID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_PMR_SAN_PROHIBITED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_GROUP_ID_INVALID"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_ATTACH_FAILED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INSUFFICIENT_CAP"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_NS_ATTACHMENT_LIMIT_EXCEEDED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_PROHIBIT_CMD_EXEC_NOT_SUPPORTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_IOCS_NOT_SUPPORTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_IOCS_NOT_ENABLED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_IOCS_COMBINATION_REJECTED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_IOCS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ID_UNAVAILABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_DISCOVERY_INFO"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZONING_DATA_STRUCT_LOCKED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZONING_DATA_STRUCT_NOTFND"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INSUFFICIENT_DISC_RES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_REQSTD_FUNCTION_DISABLED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZONEGRP_ORIGINATOR_INVLD"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_BAD_ATTRIBUTES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_INVALID_PI"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_READ_ONLY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_SIZE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CONNECT_FORMAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CONNECT_CTRL_BUSY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CONNECT_INVALID_PARAM"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CONNECT_RESTART_DISC"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CONNECT_INVALID_HOST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_DISCONNECT_INVALID_QTYPE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_DISCOVERY_RESTART"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_AUTH_REQUIRED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_INVALID_OP_REQUEST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_ZRWA_RESOURCES_UNAVAILABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_BOUNDARY_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_FULL"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_READ_ONLY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_OFFLINE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_INVALID_WRITE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_TOO_MANY_ACTIVE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_TOO_MANY_OPENS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ZNS_INVAL_TRANSITION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_WRITE_FAULT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_READ_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_GUARD_CHECK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_APPTAG_CHECK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_REFTAG_CHECK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_COMPARE_FAILED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ACCESS_DENIED"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_UNWRITTEN_BLOCK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_STORAGE_TAG_CHECK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_INTERNAL_PATH_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_PERSISTENT_LOSS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_INACCESSIBLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_ANA_TRANSITION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CTRL_PATH_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_HOST_PATH_ERROR"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CMD_ABORTED_BY_HOST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_CRD"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_MORE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_SC_DNR"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_SCT_GENERIC" 12
Generic errors applicable to multiple opcodes
.IP "NVME_SCT_CMD_SPECIFIC" 12
Errors associated to a specific opcode
.IP "NVME_SCT_MEDIA" 12
Errors associated with media and data integrity
.IP "NVME_SCT_PATH" 12
Errors associated with the paths connection
.IP "NVME_SCT_VS" 12
Vendor specific errors
.IP "NVME_SCT_MASK" 12
Mask to get the value of the Status Code Type
.IP "NVME_SCT_SHIFT" 12
Shift value to get the value of the Status
Code Type
.IP "NVME_SC_MASK" 12
Mask to get the value of the status code.
.IP "NVME_SC_SHIFT" 12
Shift value to get the value of the status
code.
.IP "NVME_SC_SUCCESS" 12
Successful Completion: The command
completed without error.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_OPCODE" 12
Invalid Command Opcode: A reserved coded
value or an unsupported value in the
command opcode field.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_FIELD" 12
Invalid Field in Command: A reserved
coded value or an unsupported value in a
defined field.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMDID_CONFLICT" 12
Command ID Conflict: The command
identifier is already in use.
.IP "NVME_SC_DATA_XFER_ERROR" 12
Data Transfer Error: Transferring the
data or metadata associated with a
command experienced an error.
.IP "NVME_SC_POWER_LOSS" 12
Commands Aborted due to Power Loss
Notification: Indicates that the command
was aborted due to a power loss
notification.
.IP "NVME_SC_INTERNAL" 12
Internal Error: The command was not
completed successfully due to an internal error.
.IP "NVME_SC_ABORT_REQ" 12
Command Abort Requested: The command was
aborted due to an Abort command being
received that specified the Submission
Queue Identifier and Command Identifier
of this command.
.IP "NVME_SC_ABORT_QUEUE" 12
Command Aborted due to SQ Deletion: The
command was aborted due to a Delete I/O
Submission Queue request received for the
Submission Queue to which the command was
submitted.
.IP "NVME_SC_FUSED_FAIL" 12
Command Aborted due to Failed Fused Command:
The command was aborted due to the other
command in a fused operation failing.
.IP "NVME_SC_FUSED_MISSING" 12
Aborted due to Missing Fused Command: The
fused command was aborted due to the
adjacent submission queue entry not
containing a fused command that is the
other command.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_NS" 12
Invalid Namespace or Format: The
namespace or the format of that namespace
is invalid.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_SEQ_ERROR" 12
Command Sequence Error: The command was
aborted due to a protocol violation in a
multi-command sequence.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_LAST" 12
Invalid SGL Segment Descriptor: The
command includes an invalid SGL Last
Segment or SGL Segment descriptor.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_COUNT" 12
Invalid Number of SGL Descriptors: There
is an SGL Last Segment descriptor or an
SGL Segment descriptor in a location
other than the last descriptor of a
segment based on the length indicated.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_DATA" 12
Data SGL Length Invalid: This may occur
if the length of a Data SGL is too short.
This may occur if the length of a Data
SGL is too long and the controller does
not support SGL transfers longer than the
amount of data to be transferred as
indicated in the SGL Support field of the
Identify Controller data structure.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_METADATA" 12
Metadata SGL Length Invalid: This may
occur if the length of a Metadata SGL is
too short. This may occur if the length
of a Metadata SGL is too long and the
controller does not support SGL transfers
longer than the amount of data to be
transferred as indicated in the SGL
Support field of the Identify Controller
data structure.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_TYPE" 12
SGL Descriptor Type Invalid: The type of
an SGL Descriptor is a type that is not
supported by the controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMB_INVALID_USE" 12
Invalid Use of Controller Memory Buffer:
The attempted use of the Controller
Memory Buffer is not supported by the
controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_PRP_INVALID_OFFSET" 12
PRP Offset Invalid: The Offset field for
a PRP entry is invalid.
.IP "NVME_SC_AWU_EXCEEDED" 12
Atomic Write Unit Exceeded: The length
specified exceeds the atomic write unit size.
.IP "NVME_SC_OP_DENIED" 12
Operation Denied: The command was denied
due to lack of access rights. Refer to
the appropriate security specification.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_OFFSET" 12
SGL Offset Invalid: The offset specified
in a descriptor is invalid. This may
occur when using capsules for data
transfers in NVMe over Fabrics
implementations and an invalid offset in
the capsule is specified.
.IP "NVME_SC_HOSTID_FORMAT" 12
Host Identifier Inconsistent Format: The
NVM subsystem detected the simultaneous
use of 64- bit and 128-bit Host
Identifier values on different
controllers.
.IP "NVME_SC_KAT_EXPIRED" 12
Keep Alive Timer Expired: The Keep Alive
Timer expired.
.IP "NVME_SC_KAT_INVALID" 12
Keep Alive Timeout Invalid: The Keep
Alive Timeout value specified is invalid.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_ABORTED_PREMEPT" 12
Command Aborted due to Preempt and Abort:
The command was aborted due to a
Reservation Acquire command.
.IP "NVME_SC_SANITIZE_FAILED" 12
Sanitize Failed: The most recent sanitize
operation failed and no recovery action
has been successfully completed.
.IP "NVME_SC_SANITIZE_IN_PROGRESS" 12
Sanitize In Progress: The requested
function (e.g., command) is prohibited
while a sanitize operation is in
progress.
.IP "NVME_SC_SGL_INVALID_GRANULARITY" 12
SGL Data Block Granularity Invalid: The
Address alignment or Length granularity
for an SGL Data Block descriptor is
invalid.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_IN_CMBQ_NOT_SUPP" 12
Command Not Supported for Queue in CMB:
The implementation does not support
submission of the command to a Submission
Queue in the Controller Memory Buffer or
command completion to a Completion Queue
in the Controller Memory Buffer.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_WRITE_PROTECTED" 12
Namespace is Write Protected: The command
is prohibited while the namespace is
write protected as a result of a change
in the namespace write protection state
as defined by the Namespace Write
Protection State Machine.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_INTERRUPTED" 12
Command Interrupted: Command processing
was interrupted and the controller is
unable to successfully complete the
command. The host should retry the
command.
.IP "NVME_SC_TRAN_TPORT_ERROR" 12
Transient Transport Error: A transient
transport error was detected. If the
command is retried on the same
controller, the command is likely to
succeed. A command that fails with a
transient transport error four or more
times should be treated as a persistent
transport error that is not likely to
succeed if retried on the same
controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_PROHIBITED_BY_CMD_AND_FEAT" 12
Command Prohibited by Command and Feature
Lockdown: The command was aborted due to
command execution being prohibited by
the Command and Feature Lockdown.
.IP "NVME_SC_ADMIN_CMD_MEDIA_NOT_READY" 12
Admin Command Media Not Ready: The Admin
command requires access to media and
the media is not ready.
.IP "NVME_SC_LBA_RANGE" 12
LBA Out of Range: The command references
an LBA that exceeds the size of the namespace.
.IP "NVME_SC_CAP_EXCEEDED" 12
Capacity Exceeded: Execution of the
command has caused the capacity of the
namespace to be exceeded.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_NOT_READY" 12
Namespace Not Ready: The namespace is not
ready to be accessed as a result of a
condition other than a condition that is
reported as an Asymmetric Namespace
Access condition.
.IP "NVME_SC_RESERVATION_CONFLICT" 12
Reservation Conflict: The command was
aborted due to a conflict with a
reservation held on the accessed
namespace.
.IP "NVME_SC_FORMAT_IN_PROGRESS" 12
Format In Progress: A Format NVM command
is in progress on the namespace.
.IP "NVME_SC_CQ_INVALID" 12
Completion Queue Invalid: The Completion
Queue identifier specified in the command
does not exist.
.IP "NVME_SC_QID_INVALID" 12
Invalid Queue Identifier: The creation of
the I/O Completion Queue failed due to an
invalid queue identifier specified as
part of the command. An invalid queue
identifier is one that is currently in
use or one that is outside the range
supported by the controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_QUEUE_SIZE" 12
Invalid Queue Size: The host attempted to
create an I/O Completion Queue with an
invalid number of entries.
.IP "NVME_SC_ABORT_LIMIT" 12
Abort Command Limit Exceeded: The number
of concurrently outstanding Abort commands
has exceeded the limit indicated in the
Identify Controller data structure.
.IP "NVME_SC_ABORT_MISSING" 12
Abort Command is missing: The abort
command is missing.
.IP "NVME_SC_ASYNC_LIMIT" 12
Asynchronous Event Request Limit
Exceeded: The number of concurrently
outstanding Asynchronous Event Request
commands has been exceeded.
.IP "NVME_SC_FIRMWARE_SLOT" 12
Invalid Firmware Slot: The firmware slot
indicated is invalid or read only. This
error is indicated if the firmware slot
exceeds the number supported.
.IP "NVME_SC_FIRMWARE_IMAGE" 12
Invalid Firmware Image: The firmware
image specified for activation is invalid
and not loaded by the controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_VECTOR" 12
Invalid Interrupt Vector: The creation of
the I/O Completion Queue failed due to an
invalid interrupt vector specified as
part of the command.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_LOG_PAGE" 12
Invalid Log Page: The log page indicated
is invalid. This error condition is also
returned if a reserved log page is
requested.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_FORMAT" 12
Invalid Format: The LBA Format specified
is not supported.
.IP "NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_CONV_RESET" 12
Firmware Activation Requires Conventional Reset:
The firmware commit was successful,
however, activation of the firmware image
requires a conventional reset.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_QUEUE" 12
Invalid Queue Deletion: Invalid I/O
Completion Queue specified to delete.
.IP "NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_SAVEABLE" 12
Feature Identifier Not Saveable: The
Feature Identifier specified does not
support a saveable value.
.IP "NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_CHANGEABLE" 12
Feature Not Changeable: The Feature
Identifier is not able to be changed.
.IP "NVME_SC_FEATURE_NOT_PER_NS" 12
Feature Not Namespace Specific: The
Feature Identifier specified is not
namespace specific. The Feature
Identifier settings apply across all
namespaces.
.IP "NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_SUBSYS_RESET" 12
Firmware Activation Requires NVM
Subsystem Reset: The firmware commit was
successful, however, activation of the
firmware image requires an NVM Subsystem.
.IP "NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_RESET" 12
Firmware Activation Requires Controller
Level Reset: The firmware commit was
successful; however, the image specified
does not support being activated without
a reset.
.IP "NVME_SC_FW_NEEDS_MAX_TIME" 12
Firmware Activation Requires Maximum Time
Violation: The image specified if
activated immediately would exceed the
Maximum Time for Firmware Activation
(MTFA) value reported in Identify
Controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_FW_ACTIVATE_PROHIBITED" 12
Firmware Activation Prohibited: The image
specified is being prohibited from
activation by the controller for vendor
specific reasons.
.IP "NVME_SC_OVERLAPPING_RANGE" 12
Overlapping Range: The downloaded
firmware image has overlapping ranges.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_INSUFFICIENT_CAP" 12
Namespace Insufficient Capacity: Creating
the namespace requires more free space
than is currently available.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_ID_UNAVAILABLE" 12
Namespace Identifier Unavailable: The
number of namespaces supported has been
exceeded.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_ALREADY_ATTACHED" 12
Namespace Already Attached: The
controller is already attached to the
namespace specified.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_IS_PRIVATE" 12
Namespace Is Private: The namespace is
private and is already attached to one
controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_NOT_ATTACHED" 12
Namespace Not Attached: The request to
detach the controller could not be
completed because the controller is not
attached to the namespace.
.IP "NVME_SC_THIN_PROV_NOT_SUPP" 12
Thin Provisioning Not Supported: Thin
provisioning is not supported by the
controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_CTRL_LIST_INVALID" 12
Controller List Invalid: The controller
list provided contains invalid controller
ids.
.IP "NVME_SC_SELF_TEST_IN_PROGRESS" 12
Device Self-test In Progress: The controller
or NVM subsystem already has a device
self-test operation in process.
.IP "NVME_SC_BP_WRITE_PROHIBITED" 12
Boot Partition Write Prohibited: The
command is trying to modify a locked Boot
Partition.
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_CTRL_ID" 12
Invalid Controller Identifier:
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_SEC_CTRL_STATE" 12
Invalid Secondary Controller State
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_CTRL_RESOURCES" 12
Invalid Number of Controller Resources
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_RESOURCE_ID" 12
Invalid Resource Identifier
.IP "NVME_SC_PMR_SAN_PROHIBITED" 12
Sanitize Prohibited While Persistent
Memory Region is Enabled
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_GROUP_ID_INVALID" 12
ANA Group Identifier Invalid: The specified
ANA Group Identifier (ANAGRPID) is not
supported in the submitted command.
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_ATTACH_FAILED" 12
ANA Attach Failed: The controller is not
attached to the namespace as a result
of an ANA condition.
.IP "NVME_SC_INSUFFICIENT_CAP" 12
Insufficient Capacity: Requested operation
requires more free space than is currently
available.
.IP "NVME_SC_NS_ATTACHMENT_LIMIT_EXCEEDED" 12
Namespace Attachment Limit Exceeded:
Attaching the ns to a controller causes
max number of ns attachments allowed
to be exceeded.
.IP "NVME_SC_PROHIBIT_CMD_EXEC_NOT_SUPPORTED" 12
Prohibition of Command Execution
Not Supported
.IP "NVME_SC_IOCS_NOT_SUPPORTED" 12
I/O Command Set Not Supported
.IP "NVME_SC_IOCS_NOT_ENABLED" 12
I/O Command Set Not Enabled
.IP "NVME_SC_IOCS_COMBINATION_REJECTED" 12
I/O Command Set Combination Rejected
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_IOCS" 12
Invalid I/O Command Set
.IP "NVME_SC_ID_UNAVAILABLE" 12
Identifier Unavailable
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_DISCOVERY_INFO" 12
The discovery information provided in
one or more extended discovery
information entries is not applicable
for the type of entity selected in
the Entity Type (ETYPE) field of the
Discovery Information Management
command data portion’s header.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZONING_DATA_STRUCT_LOCKED" 12
The requested Zoning data structure
is locked on the CDC.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZONING_DATA_STRUCT_NOTFND" 12
The requested Zoning data structure
does not exist on the CDC.
.IP "NVME_SC_INSUFFICIENT_DISC_RES" 12
The number of discover information
entries provided in the data portion
of the Discovery Information
Management command for a registration
task (i.e., TAS field cleared to 0h)
exceeds the available capacity for
new discovery information entries on
the CDC or DDC. This may be a
transient condition.
.IP "NVME_SC_REQSTD_FUNCTION_DISABLED" 12
Fabric Zoning is not enabled on the
CDC
.IP "NVME_SC_ZONEGRP_ORIGINATOR_INVLD" 12
The NQN contained in the ZoneGroup
Originator field does not match the
Host NQN used by the DDC to connect
to the CDC.
.IP "NVME_SC_BAD_ATTRIBUTES" 12
Conflicting Dataset Management Attributes
.IP "NVME_SC_INVALID_PI" 12
Invalid Protection Information
.IP "NVME_SC_READ_ONLY" 12
Attempted Write to Read Only Range
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_SIZE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED" 12
Command Size Limit Exceeded
.IP "NVME_SC_CONNECT_FORMAT" 12
Incompatible Format: The NVM subsystem
does not support the record format
specified by the host.
.IP "NVME_SC_CONNECT_CTRL_BUSY" 12
Controller Busy: The controller is
already associated with a host.
.IP "NVME_SC_CONNECT_INVALID_PARAM" 12
Connect Invalid Parameters: One or more
of the command parameters.
.IP "NVME_SC_CONNECT_RESTART_DISC" 12
Connect Restart Discovery: The NVM
subsystem requested is not available.
.IP "NVME_SC_CONNECT_INVALID_HOST" 12
Connect Invalid Host: The host is either
not allowed to establish an association
to any controller in the NVM subsystem or
the host is not allowed to establish an
association to the specified controller
.IP "NVME_SC_DISCONNECT_INVALID_QTYPE" 12
Invalid Queue Type: The command was sent
on the wrong queue type.
.IP "NVME_SC_DISCOVERY_RESTART" 12
Discover Restart: The snapshot of the
records is now invalid or out of date.
.IP "NVME_SC_AUTH_REQUIRED" 12
Authentication Required: NVMe in-band
authentication is required and the queue
has not yet been authenticated.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_INVALID_OP_REQUEST" 12
Invalid Zone Operation Request:
The operation requested is invalid. This may be due to
various conditions, including: attempting to allocate a
ZRWA when a zone is not in the ZSE:Empty state; or
invalid Flush Explicit ZRWA Range Send Zone Action
operation.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_ZRWA_RESOURCES_UNAVAILABLE" 12
ZRWA Resources Unavailable:
No ZRWAs are available.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_BOUNDARY_ERROR" 12
Zone Boundary Error: The command specifies
logical blocks in more than one zone.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_FULL" 12
Zone Is Full: The accessed zone is in the
ZSF:Full state.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_READ_ONLY" 12
Zone Is Read Only: The accessed zone is
in the ZSRO:Read Only state.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_OFFLINE" 12
Zone Is Offline: The accessed zone is
in the ZSO:Offline state.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_INVALID_WRITE" 12
Zone Invalid Write: The write to a zone
was not at the write pointer.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_TOO_MANY_ACTIVE" 12
Too Many Active Zones: The controller
does not allow additional active zones.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_TOO_MANY_OPENS" 12
Too Many Open Zones: The controller does
not allow additional open zones.
.IP "NVME_SC_ZNS_INVAL_TRANSITION" 12
Invalid Zone State Transition: The request
is not a valid zone state transition.
.IP "NVME_SC_WRITE_FAULT" 12
Write Fault: The write data could not be
committed to the media.
.IP "NVME_SC_READ_ERROR" 12
Unrecovered Read Error: The read data
could not be recovered from the media.
.IP "NVME_SC_GUARD_CHECK" 12
End-to-end Guard Check Error: The command
was aborted due to an end-to-end guard
check failure.
.IP "NVME_SC_APPTAG_CHECK" 12
End-to-end Application Tag Check Error:
The command was aborted due to an
end-to-end application tag check failure.
.IP "NVME_SC_REFTAG_CHECK" 12
End-to-end Reference Tag Check Error: The
command was aborted due to an end-to-end
reference tag check failure.
.IP "NVME_SC_COMPARE_FAILED" 12
Compare Failure: The command failed due
to a miscompare during a Compare command.
.IP "NVME_SC_ACCESS_DENIED" 12
Access Denied: Access to the namespace
and/or LBA range is denied due to lack of
access rights.
.IP "NVME_SC_UNWRITTEN_BLOCK" 12
Deallocated or Unwritten Logical Block:
The command failed due to an attempt to
read from or verify an LBA range
containing a deallocated or unwritten
logical block.
.IP "NVME_SC_STORAGE_TAG_CHECK" 12
End-to-End Storage Tag Check Error: The
command was aborted due to an end-to-end
storage tag check failure.
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_INTERNAL_PATH_ERROR" 12
Internal Path Error: The command was not
completed as the result of a controller
internal error that is specific to the
controller processing the command.
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_PERSISTENT_LOSS" 12
Asymmetric Access Persistent Loss: The
requested function (e.g., command) is not
able to be performed as a result of the
relationship between the controller and
the namespace being in the ANA Persistent
Loss state.
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_INACCESSIBLE" 12
Asymmetric Access Inaccessible: The
requested function (e.g., command) is not
able to be performed as a result of the
relationship between the controller and
the namespace being in the ANA
Inaccessible state.
.IP "NVME_SC_ANA_TRANSITION" 12
Asymmetric Access Transition: The
requested function (e.g., command) is not
able to be performed as a result of the
relationship between the controller and
the namespace transitioning between
Asymmetric Namespace Access states.
.IP "NVME_SC_CTRL_PATH_ERROR" 12
Controller Pathing Error: A pathing error
was detected by the controller.
.IP "NVME_SC_HOST_PATH_ERROR" 12
Host Pathing Error: A pathing error was
detected by the host.
.IP "NVME_SC_CMD_ABORTED_BY_HOST" 12
Command Aborted By Host: The command was
aborted as a result of host action.
.IP "NVME_SC_CRD" 12
Mask to get value of Command Retry Delay
index
.IP "NVME_SC_MORE" 12
More bit. If set, more status information
for this command as part of the Error
Information log that may be retrieved with
the Get Log Page command.
.IP "NVME_SC_DNR" 12
Do Not Retry bit. If set, if the same
command is re-submitted to any controller
in the NVM subsystem, then that
re-submitted command is expected to fail.
