.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_id_ctrl_oncs" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_id_ctrl_oncs \- This field indicates the optional NVM commands and features supported by the controller.
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_id_ctrl_oncs {
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COMPARE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_UNCORRECTABLE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_DSM"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_ZEROES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_SAVE_FEATURES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_RESERVATIONS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_TIMESTAMP"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_VERIFY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COPY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COPY_SINGLE_ATOMICITY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_ALL_FAST_COPY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_ZEROES_DEALLOCATE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_ONCS_NAMESPACE_ZEROES"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COMPARE" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Compare command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_UNCORRECTABLE" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Write Uncorrectable command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_DSM" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Dataset Management command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_ZEROES" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Write Zeroes command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_SAVE_FEATURES" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Save field set to a non-zero value
in the Set Features command and the
Select field set to a non-zero value in
the Get Features command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_RESERVATIONS" 12
If set, then the controller supports
reservations.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_TIMESTAMP" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Timestamp feature.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_VERIFY" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the Verify command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COPY" 12
If set, then the controller supports
the copy command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_COPY_SINGLE_ATOMICITY" 12
If set, then the write portion of a
Copy command is performed as a single
write command to which the same
atomicity requirements that apply to
a write command apply.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_ALL_FAST_COPY" 12
If set, then all copy operations for
the Copy command are fast copy
operations.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_WRITE_ZEROES_DEALLOCATE" 12
If MAXWZD bit set, then the maximum data
size for Write Zeroes command depends on the
value of the Deallocate bit in the Write Zeroes
command and the value in the WZDSL field in the
I/O Command Set specific Identify Controller
data structure.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_ONCS_NAMESPACE_ZEROES" 12
If NSZS bit set, then the controller supports
the Namespace Zeroes (NSZ) bit in the NVM
Command Set Write Zeroes command.
