.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_ns_mgmt_host_sw_specified" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_ns_mgmt_host_sw_specified \- Namespace management Host Software Specified Fields.
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_ns_mgmt_host_sw_specified {
.br
.BI "    __le64 nsze;"
.br
.BI "    __le64 ncap;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd16[10];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 flbas;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd27[2];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 dps;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 nmic;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd31[61];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 anagrpid;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd96[4];"
.br
.BI "    __le16 nvmsetid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 endgid;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd104[280];"
.br
.BI "    __le64 lbstm;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 nphndls;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd394[105];"
.br
.BI "    union {"
.br
.BI "      __u8 rsvd499[13];"
.br
.BI "      struct {"
.br
.BI "        __u8 znsco;"
.br
.BI "        __le32 rar;"
.br
.BI "        __le32 ror;"
.br
.BI "        __le32 rnumzrwa;"
.br
.BI "      } zns;"
.br
.BI "    };"
.br
.BI "    __le16 phndl[128];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd768[3328];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "nsze" 12
Namespace Size indicates the total size of the namespace in
logical blocks. The number of logical blocks is based on the
formatted LBA size.
.IP "ncap" 12
Namespace Capacity indicates the maximum number of logical blocks
that may be allocated in the namespace at any point in time. The
number of logical blocks is based on the formatted LBA size.
.IP "rsvd16" 12
Reserved
.IP "flbas" 12
Formatted LBA Size, see \fIenum nvme_id_ns_flbas\fP.
.IP "rsvd27" 12
Reserved
.IP "dps" 12
End-to-end Data Protection Type Settings, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ns_dps\fP.
.IP "nmic" 12
Namespace Multi-path I/O and Namespace Sharing Capabilities, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ns_nmic\fP.
.IP "rsvd31" 12
Reserved
.IP "anagrpid" 12
ANA Group Identifier indicates the ANA Group Identifier of the
ANA group of which the namespace is a member.
.IP "rsvd96" 12
Reserved
.IP "nvmsetid" 12
NVM Set Identifier indicates the NVM Set with which this
namespace is associated.
.IP "endgid" 12
Endurance Group Identifier indicates the Endurance Group with
which this namespace is associated.
.IP "rsvd104" 12
Reserved
.IP "lbstm" 12
Logical Block Storage Tag Mask Identifies the mask for the
Storage Tag field for the protection information
.IP "nphndls" 12
Number of Placement Handles specifies the number of Placement
Handles included in the Placement Handle List
.IP "rsvd394" 12
Reserved
.IP "{unnamed_union}" 12
anonymous
.IP "rsvd499" 12
Reserved for I/O Command Sets that extend this specification.
.IP "zns" 12
rsvd499( Zoned Namespace Command Set specific field )
.IP "phndl" 12
Placement Handle Associated RUH : This field specifies the Reclaim
Unit Handle Identifier to be associated with the Placement Handle
value. If the Flexible Data Placement capability is not supported or
not enabled in specified Endurance Group, then the controller shall
ignore this field.
.IP "rsvd768" 12
Reserved
