.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_fw_commit_ca" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_fw_commit_ca \- Firmware Commit - Commit Action
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_fw_commit_ca {
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_AND_ACTIVATE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_SET_ACTIVE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_AND_ACTIVATE_IMMEDIATE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_BOOT_PARTITION"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_ACTIVATE_BOOT_PARTITION"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE" 12
Downloaded image replaces the existing
image, if any, in the specified Firmware
Slot. The newly placed image is not
activated.
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_AND_ACTIVATE" 12
Downloaded image replaces the existing
image, if any, in the specified Firmware
Slot. The newly placed image is activated
at the next Controller Level Reset.
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_SET_ACTIVE" 12
The existing image in the specified
Firmware Slot is activated at the
next Controller Level Reset.
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_AND_ACTIVATE_IMMEDIATE" 12
Downloaded image replaces the existing
image, if any, in the specified Firmware
Slot and is then activated immediately.
If there is not a newly downloaded image,
then the existing image in the specified
firmware slot is activated immediately.
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_REPLACE_BOOT_PARTITION" 12
Downloaded image replaces the Boot
Partition specified by the Boot
Partition ID field.
.IP "NVME_FW_COMMIT_CA_ACTIVATE_BOOT_PARTITION" 12
Mark the Boot Partition specified in
the BPID field as active and update
BPINFO.ABPID.
