.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_error_log_page" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_error_log_page \- Error Information Log Entry (Log Identifier 01h)
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_error_log_page {
.br
.BI "    __le64 error_count;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 sqid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 cmdid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 status_field;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 parm_error_location;"
.br
.BI "    __le64 lba;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 nsid;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vs;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 trtype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd[2];"
.br
.BI "    __le64 cs;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 trtype_spec_info;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd2[22];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "error_count" 12
Error Count: a 64-bit incrementing error count,
indicating a unique identifier for this error. The error
count starts at 1h, is incremented for each unique error
log entry, and is retained across power off conditions.
A value of 0h indicates an invalid entry; this value
is used when there are lost entries or when there are
fewer errors than the maximum number of entries the
controller supports. If the value of this field is
FFFFFFFFh, then the field shall be set to 1h when
incremented (i.e., rolls over to 1h). Prior to NVMe
1.4, processing of incrementing beyond FFFFFFFFh is
unspecified.
.IP "sqid" 12
Submission Queue ID: indicates the Submission Queue
Identifier of the command that the error information is
associated with. If the error is not specific to
a particular command, then this field shall be set to
FFFFh.
.IP "cmdid" 12
Command ID: indicates the Command Identifier of the
command that the error is associated with. If the error
is not specific to a particular command, then this field
shall be set to FFFFh.
.IP "status_field" 12
Bits 15-1: Status Field: indicates the Status Field for
the command that completed. If the error is not specific
to a particular command, then this field reports the most
applicable status value.
Bit 0: Phase Tag: may indicate the Phase Tag posted for
the command.
.IP "parm_error_location" 12
Parameter Error Location: indicates the byte and bit of
the command parameter that the error is associated with,
if applicable. If the parameter spans multiple bytes or
bits, then the location indicates the first byte and bit
of the parameter.
Bits 10-8: Bit in command that contained the error.
Valid values are 0 to 7.
Bits 7-0: Byte in command that contained the error.
Valid values are 0 to 63.
.IP "lba" 12
LBA: This field indicates the first LBA that experienced
the error condition, if applicable.
.IP "nsid" 12
Namespace: This field indicates the NSID of the namespace
that the error is associated with, if applicable.
.IP "vs" 12
Vendor Specific Information Available: If there is
additional vendor specific error information available,
this field provides the log page identifier associated
with that page. A value of 0h indicates that no additional
information is available. Valid values are in the range
of 80h to FFh.
.IP "trtype" 12
Transport Type (TRTYPE): indicates the Transport Type of
the transport associated with the error. The values in
this field are the same as the TRTYPE values in the
Discovery Log Page Entry. If the error is not transport
related, this field shall be cleared to 0h. If the error
is transport related, this field shall be set to the type
of the transport - see \fIenum nvme_trtype\fP.
.IP "rsvd" 12
Reserved
.IP "cs" 12
Command Specific Information: This field contains command
specific information. If used, the command definition
specifies the information returned.
.IP "trtype_spec_info" 12
Transport Type Specific Information
.IP "rsvd2" 12
Reserved
