.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_telemetry_log" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_telemetry_log \- Retrieve internal data specific to the manufacturer.
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_telemetry_log {
.br
.BI "    __u8 lpi;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd1[4];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ieee[3];"
.br
.BI "    __le16 dalb1;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 dalb2;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 dalb3;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd14[2];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 dalb4;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd20[361];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 hostdgn;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ctrlavail;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ctrldgn;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsnident[128];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 data_area[];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "lpi" 12
Log Identifier, either NVME_LOG_LID_TELEMETRY_HOST or
NVME_LOG_LID_TELEMETRY_CTRL
.IP "rsvd1" 12
Reserved
.IP "ieee" 12
IEEE OUI Identifier is the Organization Unique Identifier (OUI)
for the controller vendor that is able to interpret the data.
.IP "dalb1" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Area 1 Last Block is
the value of the last block in this area.
.IP "dalb2" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Area 1 Last Block is
the value of the last block in this area.
.IP "dalb3" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Area 1 Last Block is
the value of the last block in this area.
.IP "rsvd14" 12
Reserved
.IP "dalb4" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Area 4 Last Block is
the value of the last block in this area.
.IP "rsvd20" 12
Reserved
.IP "hostdgn" 12
Telemetry Host-Initiated Data Generation Number is a
value that is incremented each time the host initiates a
capture of its internal controller state in the controller .
.IP "ctrlavail" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Available, if cleared,
then the controller telemetry log does not contain saved
internal controller state. If this field is set to 1h, the
controller log contains saved internal controller state. If
this field is set to 1h, the data will be latched until the
host releases it by reading the log with RAE cleared.
.IP "ctrldgn" 12
Telemetry Controller-Initiated Data Generation Number is
a value that is incremented each time the controller initiates a
capture of its internal controller state in the controller .
.IP "rsnident" 12
Reason Identifiers a vendor specific identifier that describes
the operating conditions of the controller at the time of
capture.
.IP "data_area" 12
Telemetry data blocks, vendor specific information data.
.SH "Description"
This log consists of a header describing the log and zero or more Telemetry
Data Blocks. All Telemetry Data Blocks are NVME_LOG_TELEM_BLOCK_SIZE, 512
bytes, in size. This log captures the controller’s internal state.
