.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvme_id_ctrl" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvme_id_ctrl \- Identify Controller data structure
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvme_id_ctrl {
.br
.BI "    __le16 vid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 ssvid;"
.br
.BI "    char sn[20];"
.br
.BI "    char mn[40];"
.br
.BI "    char fr[8];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rab;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 ieee[3];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 cmic;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 mdts;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 cntlid;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 ver;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 rtd3r;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 rtd3e;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 oaes;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 ctratt;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 rrls;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd102[9];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 cntrltype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 fguid[16];"
.br
.BI "    __le16 crdt1;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 crdt2;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 crdt3;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd134[119];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 nvmsr;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vwci;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 mec;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 oacs;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 acl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 aerl;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 frmw;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 lpa;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 elpe;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 npss;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 avscc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 apsta;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 wctemp;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 cctemp;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 mtfa;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 hmpre;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 hmmin;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 tnvmcap[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 unvmcap[16];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 rpmbs;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 edstt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 dsto;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 fwug;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 kas;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 hctma;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 mntmt;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 mxtmt;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 sanicap;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 hmminds;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 hmmaxd;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 nsetidmax;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 endgidmax;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 anatt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 anacap;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 anagrpmax;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 nanagrpid;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 pels;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 domainid;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd358[10];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 megcap[16];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd384[128];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 sqes;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 cqes;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 maxcmd;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 nn;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 oncs;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 fuses;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 fna;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vwc;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 awun;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 awupf;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 icsvscc;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 nwpc;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 acwu;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 ocfs;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 sgls;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 mnan;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 maxdna[16];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 maxcna;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd564[204];"
.br
.BI "    char subnqn[NVME_NQN_LENGTH];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd1024[768];"
.br
.BI "    __le32 ioccsz;"
.br
.BI "    __le32 iorcsz;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 icdoff;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 fcatt;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 msdbd;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 ofcs;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 dctype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd1807[241];"
.br
.BI "    struct nvme_id_psd      psd[32];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 vs[1024];"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "vid" 12
PCI Vendor ID, the company vendor identifier that is assigned by
the PCI SIG.
.IP "ssvid" 12
PCI Subsystem Vendor ID, the company vendor identifier that is
assigned by the PCI SIG for the subsystem.
.IP "sn" 12
Serial Number in ASCII
.IP "mn" 12
Model Number in ASCII
.IP "fr" 12
Firmware Revision in ASCII, the currently active firmware
revision for the NVM subsystem
.IP "rab" 12
Recommended Arbitration Burst, reported as a power of two
.IP "ieee" 12
IEEE assigned Organization Unique Identifier
.IP "cmic" 12
Controller Multipath IO and Namespace Sharing  Capabilities of
the controller and NVM subsystem. See \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_cmic\fP.
.IP "mdts" 12
Max Data Transfer Size is the largest data transfer size. The
host should not submit a command that exceeds this maximum data
transfer size. The value is in units of the minimum memory page
size (CAP.MPSMIN) and is reported as a power of two
.IP "cntlid" 12
Controller ID, the NVM subsystem unique controller identifier
associated with the controller.
.IP "ver" 12
Version, this field contains the value reported in the Version
register, or property (see \fIenum nvme_registers\fP NVME_REG_VS).
.IP "rtd3r" 12
RTD3 Resume Latency, the expected latency in microseconds to resume
from Runtime D3
.IP "rtd3e" 12
RTD3 Exit Latency, the typical latency in microseconds to enter
Runtime D3.
.IP "oaes" 12
Optional Async Events Supported, see \fIenum\fP nvme_id_ctrl_oaes.
.IP "ctratt" 12
Controller Attributes, see \fIenum\fP nvme_id_ctrl_ctratt.
.IP "rrls" 12
Read Recovery Levels. If a bit is set, then the corresponding
Read Recovery Level is supported. If a bit is cleared, then the
corresponding Read Recovery Level is not supported.
.IP "rsvd102" 12
Reserved
.IP "cntrltype" 12
Controller Type, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_cntrltype\fP
.IP "fguid" 12
FRU GUID, a 128-bit value that is globally unique for a given
Field Replaceable Unit
.IP "crdt1" 12
Controller Retry Delay time in 100 millisecond units if CQE CRD
field is 1
.IP "crdt2" 12
Controller Retry Delay time in 100 millisecond units if CQE CRD
field is 2
.IP "crdt3" 12
Controller Retry Delay time in 100 millisecond units if CQE CRD
field is 3
.IP "rsvd134" 12
Reserved
.IP "nvmsr" 12
NVM Subsystem Report, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_nvmsr\fP
.IP "vwci" 12
VPD Write Cycle Information, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_vwci\fP
.IP "mec" 12
Management Endpoint Capabilities, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_mec\fP
.IP "oacs" 12
Optional Admin Command Support,the optional Admin commands and
features supported by the controller, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_oacs\fP.
.IP "acl" 12
Abort Command Limit, the maximum number of concurrently
executing Abort commands supported by the controller. This is a
0's based value.
.IP "aerl" 12
Async Event Request Limit, the maximum number of concurrently
outstanding Asynchronous Event Request commands supported by the
controller This is a 0's based value.
.IP "frmw" 12
Firmware Updates indicates capabilities regarding firmware
updates. See \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_frmw\fP.
.IP "lpa" 12
Log Page Attributes, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_lpa\fP.
.IP "elpe" 12
Error Log Page Entries, the maximum number of Error Information
log entries that are stored by the controller. This field is a
0's based value.
.IP "npss" 12
Number of Power States Supported, the number of NVM Express
power states supported by the controller, indicating the number
of valid entries in \fIstruct nvme_id_ctrl\fP.psd. This is a 0's
based value.
.IP "avscc" 12
Admin Vendor Specific Command Configuration, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_avscc\fP.
.IP "apsta" 12
Autonomous Power State Transition Attributes, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_apsta\fP.
.IP "wctemp" 12
Warning Composite Temperature Threshold indicates
the minimum Composite Temperature field value (see \fIstruct
nvme_smart_log\fP.critical_comp_time) that indicates an overheating
condition during which controller operation continues.
.IP "cctemp" 12
Critical Composite Temperature Threshold, field indicates the
minimum Composite Temperature field value (see \fIstruct
nvme_smart_log\fP.critical_comp_time) that indicates a critical
overheating condition.
.IP "mtfa" 12
Maximum Time for Firmware Activation indicates the maximum time
the controller temporarily stops processing commands to activate
the firmware image, specified in 100 millisecond units. This
field is always valid if the controller supports firmware
activation without a reset.
.IP "hmpre" 12
Host Memory Buffer Preferred Size indicates the preferred size
that the host is requested to allocate for the Host Memory
Buffer feature in 4 KiB units.
.IP "hmmin" 12
Host Memory Buffer Minimum Size indicates the minimum size that
the host is requested to allocate for the Host Memory Buffer
feature in 4 KiB units.
.IP "tnvmcap" 12
Total NVM Capacity, the total NVM capacity in the NVM subsystem.
The value is in bytes.
.IP "unvmcap" 12
Unallocated NVM Capacity, the unallocated NVM capacity in the
NVM subsystem. The value is in bytes.
.IP "rpmbs" 12
Replay Protected Memory Block Support, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_rpmbs\fP.
.IP "edstt" 12
Extended Device Self-test Time, if Device Self-test command is
supported (see \fIstruct nvme_id_ctrl\fP.oacs, NVME_CTRL_OACS_SELF_TEST),
then this field indicates the nominal amount of time in one
minute units that the controller takes to complete an extended
device self-test operation when in power state 0.
.IP "dsto" 12
Device Self-test Options, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_dsto\fP.
.IP "fwug" 12
Firmware Update Granularity indicates the granularity and
alignment requirement of the firmware image being updated by the
Firmware Image Download command. The value is reported in 4 KiB
units. A value of 0h indicates no information on granularity is
provided. A value of FFh indicates no restriction
.IP "kas" 12
Keep Alive Support indicates the granularity of the Keep Alive
Timer in 100 millisecond units.
.IP "hctma" 12
Host Controlled Thermal Management Attributes, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_hctm\fP.
.IP "mntmt" 12
Minimum Thermal Management Temperature indicates the minimum
temperature, in degrees Kelvin, that the host may request in the
Thermal Management Temperature 1 field and Thermal Management
Temperature 2 field of a Set Features command with the Feature
Identifier field set to NVME_FEAT_FID_HCTM.
.IP "mxtmt" 12
Maximum Thermal Management Temperature indicates the maximum
temperature, in degrees Kelvin, that the host may request in the
Thermal Management Temperature 1 field and Thermal Management
Temperature 2 field of the Set Features command with the Feature
Identifier set to NVME_FEAT_FID_HCTM.
.IP "sanicap" 12
Sanitize Capabilities, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_sanicap\fP
.IP "hmminds" 12
Host Memory Buffer Minimum Descriptor Entry Size indicates the
minimum usable size of a Host Memory Buffer Descriptor Entry in
4 KiB units.
.IP "hmmaxd" 12
Host Memory Maximum Descriptors Entries indicates the number of
usable Host Memory Buffer Descriptor Entries.
.IP "nsetidmax" 12
NVM Set Identifier Maximum, defines the maximum value of a valid
NVM Set Identifier for any controller in the NVM subsystem.
.IP "endgidmax" 12
Endurance Group Identifier Maximum, defines the maximum value of
a valid Endurance Group Identifier for any controller in the NVM
subsystem.
.IP "anatt" 12
ANA Transition Time indicates the maximum amount of time, in
seconds, for a transition between ANA states or the maximum
amount of time, in seconds, that the controller reports the ANA
change state.
.IP "anacap" 12
Asymmetric Namespace Access Capabilities, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_anacap\fP.
.IP "anagrpmax" 12
ANA Group Identifier Maximum indicates the maximum value of a
valid ANA Group Identifier for any controller in the NVM
subsystem.
.IP "nanagrpid" 12
Number of ANA Group Identifiers indicates the number of ANA
groups supported by this controller.
.IP "pels" 12
Persistent Event Log Size indicates the maximum reportable size
for the Persistent Event Log.
.IP "domainid" 12
Domain Identifier indicates the identifier of the domain
that contains this controller.
.IP "rsvd358" 12
Reserved
.IP "megcap" 12
Max Endurance Group Capacity indicates the maximum capacity
of a single Endurance Group.
.IP "rsvd384" 12
Reserved
.IP "sqes" 12
Submission Queue Entry Size, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_sqes\fP.
.IP "cqes" 12
Completion Queue Entry Size, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_cqes\fP.
.IP "maxcmd" 12
Maximum Outstanding Commands indicates the maximum number of
commands that the controller processes at one time for a
particular queue.
.IP "nn" 12
Number of Namespaces indicates the maximum value of a valid
nsid for the NVM subsystem. If the MNAN (\fIstruct nvme_id_ctrl\fP.mnan
field is cleared to 0h, then this field also indicates the
maximum number of namespaces supported by the NVM subsystem.
.IP "oncs" 12
Optional NVM Command Support, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_oncs\fP.
.IP "fuses" 12
Fused Operation Support, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_fuses\fP.
.IP "fna" 12
Format NVM Attributes, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_fna\fP.
.IP "vwc" 12
Volatile Write Cache, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_vwc\fP.
.IP "awun" 12
Atomic Write Unit Normal indicates the size of the write
operation guaranteed to be written atomically to the NVM across
all namespaces with any supported namespace format during normal
operation. This field is specified in logical blocks and is a
0's based value.
.IP "awupf" 12
Atomic Write Unit Power Fail indicates the size of the write
operation guaranteed to be written atomically to the NVM across
all namespaces with any supported namespace format during a
power fail or error condition. This field is specified in
logical blocks and is a 0’s based value.
.IP "icsvscc" 12
NVM Vendor Specific Command Configuration, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_nvscc\fP.
.IP "nwpc" 12
Namespace Write Protection Capabilities, see
\fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_nwpc\fP.
.IP "acwu" 12
Atomic Compare & Write Unit indicates the size of the write
operation guaranteed to be written atomically to the NVM across
all namespaces with any supported namespace format for a Compare
and Write fused operation. This field is specified in logical
blocks and is a 0’s based value.
.IP "ocfs" 12
Optional Copy Formats Supported, each bit n means controller
supports Copy Format n.
.IP "sgls" 12
SGL Support, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_sgls\fP
.IP "mnan" 12
Maximum Number of Allowed Namespaces indicates the maximum
number of namespaces supported by the NVM subsystem.
.IP "maxdna" 12
Maximum Domain Namespace Attachments indicates the maximum
of the sum of the number of namespaces attached to each I/O
controller in the Domain.
.IP "maxcna" 12
Maximum I/O Controller Namespace Attachments indicates the
maximum number of namespaces that are allowed to be attached to
this I/O controller.
.IP "rsvd564" 12
Reserved
.IP "subnqn" 12
NVM Subsystem NVMe Qualified Name, UTF-8 null terminated string
.IP "rsvd1024" 12
Reserved
.IP "ioccsz" 12
I/O Queue Command Capsule Supported Size, defines the maximum
I/O command capsule size in 16 byte units.
.IP "iorcsz" 12
I/O Queue Response Capsule Supported Size, defines the maximum
I/O response capsule size in 16 byte units.
.IP "icdoff" 12
In Capsule Data Offset, defines the offset where data starts
within a capsule. This value is applicable to I/O Queues only.
.IP "fcatt" 12
Fabrics Controller Attributes, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_fcatt\fP.
.IP "msdbd" 12
Maximum SGL Data Block Descriptors indicates the maximum
number of SGL Data Block or Keyed SGL Data Block descriptors
that a host is allowed to place in a capsule. A value of 0h
indicates no limit.
.IP "ofcs" 12
Optional Fabric Commands Support, see \fIenum nvme_id_ctrl_ofcs\fP.
.IP "dctype" 12
Discovery Controller Type (DCTYPE). This field indicates what
type of Discovery controller the controller is (see enum
nvme_id_ctrl_dctype)
.IP "rsvd1807" 12
Reserved
.IP "psd" 12
Power State Descriptors, see \fIstruct nvme_id_psd\fP.
.IP "vs" 12
Vendor Specific
