.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_id_ctrl_fna" "May 2025" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_id_ctrl_fna \- This field indicates attributes for the Format NVM command.
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_id_ctrl_fna {
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NS_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NS_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_CES_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_ALL_F_SHIFT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NS_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NS_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_CES_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_ALL_F_MASK"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NAMESPACES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NAMESPACES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_CRYPTO_ERASE"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_FFFFFFFF"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NS_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the format applied to all namespaces
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NS_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the secure erase applied to all namespaces
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_CES_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the cryptographic erase supported
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_ALL_F_SHIFT" 12
Shift amount to get the format supported an NSID FFFFFFFFh
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NS_MASK" 12
Mask to get the format applied to all namespaces
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NS_MASK" 12
Mask to get the secure erase applied to all namespaces
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_CES_MASK" 12
Mask to get the cryptographic erase supported
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_ALL_F_MASK" 12
Mask to get the format supported an NSID FFFFFFFFh
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_FMT_ALL_NAMESPACES" 12
If set, then all namespaces in an NVM
subsystem shall be configured with the
same attributes and a format (excluding
secure erase) of any namespace results in
a format of all namespaces in an NVM
subsystem. If cleared, then the
controller supports format on a per
namespace basis.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_SEC_ALL_NAMESPACES" 12
If set, then any secure erase performed
as part of a format operation results in
a secure erase of all namespaces in the
NVM subsystem. If cleared, then any
secure erase performed as part of a
format results in a secure erase of the
particular namespace specified.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_CRYPTO_ERASE" 12
If set, then cryptographic erase is
supported. If cleared, then cryptographic
erase is not supported.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_FNA_NSID_FFFFFFFF" 12
If set, then format does not support
nsid value set to FFFFFFFFh. If cleared,
format supports nsid value set to
FFFFFFFFh.
