.TH "libnvme" 9 "enum nvme_id_ctrl_oacs" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
enum nvme_id_ctrl_oacs \- Flags indicating the optional Admin commands and features supported by the controller, see &struct nvme_id_ctrl.oacs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
enum nvme_id_ctrl_oacs {
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_SECURITY"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_FORMAT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_FW"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_NS_MGMT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_SELF_TEST"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_DIRECTIVES"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_NVME_MI"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_VIRT_MGMT"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_DBBUF_CFG"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_LBA_STATUS"
, 
.br
.br
.BI "    NVME_CTRL_OACS_CMD_FEAT_LD"

};
.SH Constants
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_SECURITY" 12
If set, then the controller supports the
Security Send and Security Receive commands.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_FORMAT" 12
If set then the controller supports the Format
NVM command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_FW" 12
If set, then the controller supports the
Firmware Commit and Firmware Image Download commands.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_NS_MGMT" 12
If set, then the controller supports the
Namespace Management capability
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_SELF_TEST" 12
If set, then the controller supports the Device
Self-test command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_DIRECTIVES" 12
If set, then the controller supports Directives
and the Directive Send and Directive Receive
commands.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_NVME_MI" 12
If set, then the controller supports the NVMe-MI
Send and NVMe-MI Receive commands.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_VIRT_MGMT" 12
If set, then the controller supports the
Virtualization Management command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_DBBUF_CFG" 12
If set, then the controller supports the
Doorbell Buffer Config command.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_LBA_STATUS" 12
If set, then the controller supports the Get LBA
Status capability.
.IP "NVME_CTRL_OACS_CMD_FEAT_LD" 12
If set, then the controller supports the command
and feature lockdown capability.
