.TH "libnvme" 9 "struct nvmf_disc_log_entry" "January 2023" "API Manual" LINUX
.SH NAME
struct nvmf_disc_log_entry \- Discovery Log Page entry
.SH SYNOPSIS
struct nvmf_disc_log_entry {
.br
.BI "    __u8 trtype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 adrfam;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 subtype;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 treq;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 portid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 cntlid;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 asqsz;"
.br
.BI "    __le16 eflags;"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd12[20];"
.br
.BI "    char trsvcid[NVMF_TRSVCID_SIZE];"
.br
.BI "    __u8 rsvd64[192];"
.br
.BI "    char subnqn[NVME_NQN_LENGTH];"
.br
.BI "    char traddr[NVMF_TRADDR_SIZE];"
.br
.BI "    union nvmf_tsas tsas;"
.br
.BI "
};
.br

.SH Members
.IP "trtype" 12
Transport Type (TRTYPE): Specifies the NVMe Transport type.
See \fIenum nvmf_trtype\fP.
.IP "adrfam" 12
Address Family (ADRFAM): Specifies the address family.
See \fIenum nvmf_addr_family\fP.
.IP "subtype" 12
Subsystem Type (SUBTYPE): Specifies the type of the NVM subsystem
that is indicated in this entry. See \fIenum nvme_subsys_type\fP.
.IP "treq" 12
Transport Requirements (TREQ): Indicates requirements for the NVMe
Transport. See \fIenum nvmf_treq\fP.
.IP "portid" 12
Port ID (PORTID): Specifies a particular NVM subsystem port.
Different NVMe Transports or address families may utilize the same
Port ID value (e.g. a Port ID may support both iWARP and RoCE).
.IP "cntlid" 12
Controller ID (CNTLID): Specifies the controller ID. If the NVM
subsystem uses a dynamic controller model, then this field shall
be set to FFFFh. If the NVM subsystem uses a static controller model,
then this field may be set to a specific controller ID (values 0h
to FFEFh are valid). If the NVM subsystem uses a static controller
model and the value indicated is FFFEh, then the host should remember
the Controller ID returned as part of the Fabrics Connect command
in order to re-establish an association in the future with the same
controller.
.IP "asqsz" 12
Admin Max SQ Size (ASQSZ): Specifies the maximum size of an Admin
Submission Queue. This applies to all controllers in the NVM
subsystem. The value shall be a minimum of 32 entries.
.IP "eflags" 12
Entry Flags (EFLAGS): Indicates additional information related to
the current entry. See \fIenum nvmf_disc_eflags\fP.
.IP "rsvd12" 12
Reserved
.IP "trsvcid" 12
Transport Service Identifier (TRSVCID): Specifies the NVMe Transport
service identifier as an ASCII string. The NVMe Transport service
identifier is specified by the associated NVMe Transport binding
specification.
.IP "rsvd64" 12
Reserved
.IP "subnqn" 12
NVM Subsystem Qualified Name (SUBNQN): NVMe Qualified Name (NQN)
that uniquely identifies the NVM subsystem. For a subsystem, if that
Discovery subsystem has a unique NQN (i.e., the NVM Subsystem NVMe
Qualified Name (SUBNQN) field in that Discovery subsystem's Identify
Controller data structure contains a unique NQN value), then the
value returned shall be that unique NQN. If the Discovery subsystem
does not have a unique NQN, then the value returned shall be the
well-known Discovery Service NQN (nqn.2014-08.org.nvmexpress.discovery).
.IP "traddr" 12
Transport Address (TRADDR): Specifies the address of the NVM subsystem
that may be used for a Connect command as an ASCII string. The
Address Family field describes the reference for parsing this field.
.IP "tsas" 12
Transport specific attribute settings
